                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2

     Military Airstrikes Continue Against
     ISIL in Syria, Iraq

          From a U.S. Central Command News Release / Published November 14, 2014

          U.S and partner nation military forces continued to attack Islamic State in Iraq
          and the Levant terrorists in Syria Nov. 12 to 14 using bomber, fighter and
          remotely piloted aircraft to conduct 19 airstrikes against ISIL, U.S. Central
          Command officials reported, and one U.S. airstrike against a network of
          veteran al-Qaida operatives, sometimes called the "Khorasan Group."

          Separately, U.S. and partner nation military forces conducted 16 airstrikes in
          Iraq Nov. 12 to14 using attack, bomber, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft
          against ISIL terrorists.

          In Syria, 17 airstrikes conducted near Kobani struck 10 ISIL units, destroyed
          10 fighting positions, an ISIL building, two ISIL vehicles, and an ISIL
          motorcycle. An airstrike east of Ar Raqqah destroyed an ISIL training camp.
          Another airstrike east of Dayr Az Zawr destroyed an ISIL oil collection point.
          Finally, in northwest Syria west of Aleppo, a U.S. airstrike struck terrorists
          associated with a network of veteran al-Qaida operatives, sometimes called
          the "Khorasan Group," who are plotting external attacks against the United
          States and our allies.

          In Iraq, airstrikes south of Kirkuk struck four small ISIL units and an ISIL
          vehicle. Two airstrikes west of Kirkuk struck two small ISIL units, destroyed an
          ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL weapons bunker, and an ISIL vehicle. One
          airstrike west of Taji destroyed three ISIL vehicles. Two airstrikes near Ar
          Rutbah destroyed 13 ISIL vehicles and two ISIL excavators. Three airstrikes
          near Bayji struck two small ISIL units and destroyed one ISIL vehicle. An
          airstrike near Fallujah struck a large ISIL unit. Finally, one airstrike east of
          Mosul, Iraq, destroyed one small ISIL unit.

          All aircraft returned to base safely. Airstrike assessments are based on initial
          reports.

          The strikes against ISIL were conducted as part of Inherent Resolve, the
          operation to eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq,
          the region and the wider international community.

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2

          The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist
          group's ability to project power and conduct operations.
          Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia,
          Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, the Netherlands, and the United
          Kingdom. Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S.,
          Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

       Related Sites

          Special Report: U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: Operation Inherent Resolve - Targeted Operations Against
          ISIL Terrorists
          The Defense Department on Facebook
          The Defense Department on Twitter
          DoD News on Facebook
          DoD News on Twitter
          DoDLive Blog
          DoD News Broadcast Channel

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
