                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2

     Airstrikes in Syria Target Khorasan
     Group Terrorist Network

          From a U.S. Central Command News Release / Published November 6, 2014
          U.S. military forces conducted airstrikes last night against five Khorasan Group
          targets near Sarmada, Syria, U.S. Central Command officials reported today.
          The strikes involved U.S. bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft, officials
          said, all of which left the strike areas safely.
          Though Centcom is still assessing the outcome of the attack, officials said,
          initial indications are that it had the intended results, striking terrorists and
          destroying or severely damaging several vehicles, as well as buildings
          assessed to be meeting and staging areas or bomb-making and training
          facilities.
          Network of Nusrah Front and al-Qaida Core Extremists
          Khorasan Group is a term used to refer to a network of Nusrah Front and al-
          Qaida core extremists who share a history of training operatives, facilitating
          fighters and money, and planning attacks against U.S. and Western targets,
          Centcom officials explained. The strikes were not in response to the Nusrah
          Front's clashes with the Syrian moderate opposition, they added, and did not
          target the Nusrah Front as a whole.
          Rather, officials said, they were directed at the Khorasan Group, which is
          taking advantage of the Syrian conflict to advance attacks against Western
          interests and whose focus is not on overthrowing the Assad regime or helping
          the Syrian people.
          The al-Qaida-affiliated network was plotting to attack in Europe or the U.S.
          homeland, Centcom officials said, describing the airstrikes as "decisive action
          to protect our interests and remove their capability to act."
          Centcom will continue to take any action necessary to disrupt attack plotting
          against U.S. interests, officials added.

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2

       Related Sites

          U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: Operation Inherent Resolve - Targeted Operations Against
          ISIL Terrorists
          The Defense Department on Facebook
          The Defense Department on Twitter
          DoD News on Facebook
          DoD News on Twitter
          DoDLive Blog
          DoD News Broadcast Channel

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
