                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2

     Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in
     Syria, Iraq

          From a U.S. Central Command News Release / Published November 10, 2014

          U.S and partner nation military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
          Syria Nov. 7-10 using bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct
          23 airstrikes, U.S. Central Command officials reported today.

          Separately, U.S. and partner nation military forces conducted 18 airstrikes in
          Iraq Nov. 7-10 using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft
          against ISIL terrorists, officials said.

          Anti-ISIL Attacks in Syria

          In Syria, 13 airstrikes conducted near Kobani struck an ISIL vehicle and five
          small ISIL units, and destroyed an ISIL-occupied building used as an
          ammunition stockpile. Also destroyed were an ISIL command and control
          building and seven ISIL fighting positions, while two ISIL fighting positions
          were damaged. Eight airstrikes southeast of Dayr Az Zawr damaged several
          structures of an ISIL oil collection facility which was used to trans-load oil for
          the black market. Two airstrikes east of Dayr Az Zawr damaged an ISIL oil
          collection point.

          Anti-ISIL Attacks in Iraq

          In Iraq, seven airstrikes near Bayji struck three small ISIL units and destroyed
          an ISIL sniper position and two ISIL vehicles, one of which was used for
          construction. Three airstrikes in Fallujah struck two small ISIL units and ISIL
          fighters who were emplacing an improvised explosive device on a road, as well
          as destroying an ISIL vehicle mounted with an anti-aircraft gun.

          Three airstrikes near Mosul struck a small ISIL unit and destroyed an ISIL
          armed truck and a vehicle convoy consisting of 10 ISIL armed trucks. Two
          airstrikes near Al Qaim destroyed an ISIL armored vehicle and two ISIL
          checkpoints. An airstrike 32 miles southwest of Haditha destroyed two ISIL
          Humvees. An airstrike near Ramadi struck a small ISIL unit. An airstrike in Ar
          Rutbah destroyed an ISIL checkpoint.

          All aircraft departed the strike areas safely. Airstrike assessments are based
          on initial reports.

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2

          The strikes were conducted as part of Inherent Resolve, the operation to
          eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region
          and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria
          and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability to project power and conduct
          operations.
          Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia,
          Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.
          Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain,
          Jordan, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.

       Related Sites

          U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: Operation Inherent Resolve - Targeted Operations Against
          ISIL Terrorists
          The Defense Department on Facebook
          The Defense Department on Twitter
          DoD News on Facebook
          DoD News on Twitter
          DoDLive Blog
          DoD News Broadcast Channel

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
