                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 3

     Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL;
     Centcom Holds Meetings

          From U.S. Central Command News Releases / Published November 12, 2014

          U.S. and partner-nation military forces continued to attack Islamic State of Iraq
          and the Levant terrorists in Syria Nov. 10 to 12 using bomber, fighter and
          remotely piloted aircraft to conduct 16 airstrikes, U.S. Central Command
          officials reported today.

          Separately, U.S. and partner nation military forces conducted seven airstrikes
          in Iraq Nov. 10-12 using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against
          ISIL terrorists, officials said.

          Meetings at Centcom Headquarters

          And, Centcom will host military planners from more than 30 nations for an
          operational planning conference at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida,
          from today until Nov. 21, officials said today. The conference provides an
          opportunity for coalition partners to strengthen relationships and further
          develop and refine military campaign plans to degrade and defeat ISIL. The
          event, officials said, is another milestone in U.S. and coalition military efforts to
          work together with Iraq and other partners from around the world to eliminate
          the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region and the
          wider international community.

          "This gathering of military planners from more than 30 nations is historic in
          many ways," said Army Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, Centcom's commander. "The
          nearly 200 participants represent the broad coalition that has come together
          and is key to the success of our campaign to defeat ISIL.

          "Indeed, it is the coalition that our enemies fear most," Austin continued. "And,
          it is the coalition that will get the job done and done the right way, and as
          quickly as possible. I have every confidence that over the next several days
          this esteemed group will do tremendous work and through their efforts set the
          conditions necessary to ensure that ISIL is defeated and long-term security
          and stability is achieved throughout the Central Region."

          Airstrikes Target ISIL in Syria, Iraq

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 3

          In Syria, 10 airstrikes conducted near Kobani struck eight small ISIL units,
          damaged three ISIL fighting positions and destroyed an ISIL logistics facility.
          There were two airstrikes south of Al-Haskah damaging a crude oil collection
          point operated by ISIL. Three airstrikes northeast of Dayr Az Zawr damaged an
          ISIL crude oil collection facility. Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck a small
          ISIL unit and damaged an ISIL vehicle.

          In Iraq, two airstrikes near Kirkuk struck a small ISIL unit and a large ISIL unit.
          Five airstrikes near Bayji struck three small ISIL units, one large ISIL unit and
          destroyed two ISIL buildings, an ISIL sniper position, two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL
          mortar tube and an ISIL artillery piece. All aircraft departed the strike areas
          safely. Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports.

          The strikes were conducted as part of Inherent Resolve, the operation to
          eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region
          and the wider international community.

          The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist
          group's ability to project power and conduct operations. Coalition nations
          conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada,
          Denmark, France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.

          Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain,
          Jordan, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.

       Related Biographies

          General Lloyd J. Austin III
          General Lloyd J. Austin III, hails from Thomasville, Georgia.
          He was commissioned an Infantry

       Related Sites

          U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: Operation Inherent Resolve - Targeted Operations Against
          ISIL Terrorists

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                    Page 3 of 3

The Defense Department on Facebook
The Defense Department on Twitter
DoD News on Facebook
DoD News on Twitter
DoDLive Blog
DoD News Broadcast Channel

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
