                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2

     Inherent Resolve Strikes Continue
     Against ISIL in Syria, Iraq

          Compiled from U.S. Central Command News Releases / Published November
          3, 2014
          U.S. and partner-nation military forces have continued to attack Islamic State
          of Iraq and the Levant terrorists in Syria and Iraq, and U.S. Central Command
          officials have provided details of airstrikes conducted from Oct. 31 through
          today.
          In Syria:
          -- Four airstrikes near Kobani struck an ISIL fighting position, a small ISIL unit
          and destroyed two buildings.
          -- An airstrike near Dayr Az Zawr damaged an ISIL building. Ten airstrikes
          near Kobani struck five small ISIL units, destroyed three ISIL vehicles,
          suppressed or destroyed nine ISIL fighting positions and struck one ISIL
          building.
          -- Southeast of Dayr Az Zawr, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL tank and two
          vehicle shelters.
          In Iraq:
          -- Two airstrikes near Bayji struck an ISIL fighting position, a small ISIL unit
          and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
          -- Near Fallujah, four airstrikes struck a large ISIL unit and destroyed five ISIL
          bulldozers and an ISIL dump truck involved in creating obstructions and berms.
          -- Three airstrikes near Rutbah damaged an ISIL vehicle and destroyed four
          ISIL vehicles.
          -- An airstrike near Bayji struck a small ISIL unit.
          -- Southeast of Fallujah, coalition aircraft struck a small ISIL unit.
          -- An airstrike southwest of the Mosul Dam destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2

          -- Four airstrikes near Qaim, heavily damaged or destroyed four ISIL vehicles
          and struck four ISIL buildings.
          All aircraft left the strike areas safely, officials said, noting that airstrike
          assessments are based on initial reports.
          The strikes were conducted as part of Inherent Resolve, the operation to
          eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region,
          and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria
          and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability to project power and conduct
          operations, Centcom officials said.
          Among the coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq are the United States,
          France, the United Kingdom, Australia, Belgium, Denmark and the
          Netherlands. Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Syria include the United
          States, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Jordan and Bahrain.

       Related Sites

          U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: Operation Inherent Resolve - Targeted Operations Against
          ISIL Terrorists
          The Defense Department on Facebook
          The Defense Department on Twitter
          DoD News on Facebook
          DoD News on Twitter
          DoDLive Blog
          DoD News Broadcast Channel

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
