                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2

     Inherent Resolve Airstrikes
     Continue in Syria, Iraq

          From a U.S. Central Command News Release / Published November 7, 2014

          U.S. and partner-nation military forces continued to attack Islamic State of Iraq
          and the Levant terrorists in Syria and Iraq over the last three days, U.S.
          Central Command officials reported today.

          Fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft have conducted eight airstrikes in
          Syria since Nov. 5, officials said. Seven strikes near Kobani struck three small
          ISIL units, seven ISIL fighting positions and destroyed an ISIL artillery piece,
          and an airstrike near Tall Abyad destroyed an ISIL weapons stockpile.

          Meanwhile, fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft have conducted six
          airstrikes in Iraq since Nov. 5. A strike near Fallujah destroyed two ISIL
          bulldozers that were building obstructions. An airstrike near Bayji struck a
          small ISIL unit and damaged an ISIL building.

          Also in Iraq, two airstrikes near Ramadi destroyed an ISIL vehicle, a strike
          southeast of Fallujah struck a small ISIL unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles,
          and a strike northwest of Haditha destroyed four ISIL vehicles.

          Operation Inherent Resolve

          All aircraft left the strike areas safely, officials said, noting that airstrike
          assessments are based on initial reports.

          The strikes were conducted as part of Inherent Resolve, the operation to
          eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region
          and the wider international community.

          The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist
          group's ability to project power and conduct operations, Centcom officials said.
          Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the United States,
          Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands and the United
          Kingdom. Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Syria include the United
          States, Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2

       Related Sites

          U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: Operation Inherent Resolve - Targeted Operations Against
          ISIL Terrorists
          The Defense Department on Facebook
          The Defense Department on Twitter
          DoD News on Facebook
          DoD News on Twitter
          DoDLive Blog
          DoD News Broadcast Channel

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
