                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2

     Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in
     Syria and Iraq

          From a U.S. Central Command News Release / Published November 21, 2014

          U.S. and partner-nation military forces continued to attack Islamic State of Iraq
          and the Levant terrorists in Syria and Iraq over the past several days,
          conducting seven airstrikes in Syria and 23 in Iraq.

          Strikes in Syria

          Fighter and bomber aircraft in Syria conducted six airstrikes near Kobani
          destroyed four ISIL staging areas, two ISIL-occupied buildings, two ISIL
          tactical units, and suppressed an ISIL fighting position. Near Ar Raqqah, an
          airstrike damaged an ISIL barrack.

          Strikes in Iraq

          U.S. and partner nation military forces conducted 23 airstrikes in Iraq using
          fighter, attack, bomber and remotely-piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

          Six airstrikes near Bayji destroyed three ISIL buildings, a bunker, two ISIL
          transport vehicles, five ISIL tactical units, an ISIL checkpoint and damaged
          another ISIL building. Near Sinjar, four airstrikes destroyed two ISIL barracks,
          an ISIL bunker and storage facility, an ISIL guard post, at least eight ISIL
          armored vehicles and a truck in a vehicle storage yard, as well as two tactical
          ISIL units. West of Kirkuk, three airstrikes destroyed five bunkers, two ISIL
          vehicles and an ISIL tactical unit. Near al Asad, four airstrikes destroyed four
          ISIL vehicles, an ISIL building, and struck three ISIL tactical units. Near Mosul,
          three airstrikes destroyed an ISIL guard post, an ISIL vehicle and two ISIL
          tactical units. Near Ramadi, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL vehicle and an
          ISIL tactical unit, while also damaging an ISIL armored vehicle and an ISIL-
          occupied building. Finally, in Tal Afar, an airstrike damaged an ISIL-occupied
          airfield.

          All aircraft returned to base safely. Airstrike assessments are based on initial
          reports.

          The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the
          operation to eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq,
          the region and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2

          targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability to project
          power and conduct operations.
          Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia,
          Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands and the United Kingdom.
          Coalition Nations conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain,
          Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

       Related Sites

          U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: Operation Inherent Resolve - Targeted Operations Against
          ISIL Terrorists
          The Defense Department on Facebook
          The Defense Department on Twitter
          DoD News on Facebook
          DoD News on Twitter
          DoDLive Blog
          DoD News Broadcast Channel

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
