                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2

     Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in
     Syria, Iraq

          From a U.S. Central Command News Release / Published November 5, 2014

          U.S. military forces continued to attack Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
          terrorists in Syria Nov. 3 through today, using attack and fighter aircraft to
          conduct four airstrikes, U.S. Central Command officials reported.

          Separately, officials said, U.S. and partner-nation military forces conducted 10
          airstrikes in Iraq over that period using fighter, attack and remotely-piloted
          aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

          Airstrike Details

          In Syria, three airstrikes near Kobani struck a small ISIL unit, two ISIL fighting
          positions and an ISIL dump truck used in construction of fighting positions. An
          airstrike north of Sinjar destroyed an ISIL fighting position used to launch
          mortar attacks and struck a small ISIL unit manning the position, and two
          additional strikes north of Sinjar struck a small ISIL unit and destroyed an ISIL
          armored vehicle.

          In Iraq, an airstrike near Mosul destroyed ISIL-occupied buildings, including
          one housing a generator used for oil production and another used to
          manufacture explosive devices. Three airstrikes near Bayji struck two small
          ISIL units, destroyed an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL-occupied bunker and an ISIL anti-
          aircraft artillery piece.

          Also in Iraq, an airstrike near Fallujah struck a small ISIL unit and destroyed an
          ISIL vehicle. Three airstrikes near Ramadi damaged an ISIL vehicle and
          destroyed an ISIL checkpoint.

          All aircraft left the strike areas safely, officials said, noting that airstrike
          assessments are based on initial reports.

          Part of Operation Inherent Resolve

          The strikes were conducted as part of Inherent Resolve, the operation to
          eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region
          and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2

          and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability to project power and conduct
          operations, Centcom officials said.
          Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the United States,
          Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands and the United
          Kingdom. Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Syria include the United
          States, Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.

       Related Stories

          DOD, Coalition Working Out Details for Syrian Opposition Training Program
          The Defense Department is progressing toward the establishment of a
          program to train and equip

       Related Sites

          U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: Operation Inherent Resolve - Targeted Operations Against
          ISIL Terrorists
          The Defense Department on Facebook
          The Defense Department on Twitter
          DoD News on Facebook
          DoD News on Twitter
          DoDLive Blog
          DoD News Broadcast Channel

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
