                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2

     Inherent Resolve Airstrikes
     Continue in Syria, Iraq

          From a U.S. Central Command News Release / Published November 24, 2014
          U.S. and partner-nation military forces have continued to attack Islamic State
          of Iraq and the Levant terrorists in Syria and Iraq over the last three days, U.S.
          Central Command officials reported today.
          Airstrikes in Syria
          Fighter and bomber aircraft have conducted nine airstrikes in Syria since Nov.
          21, officials said:
          -- Seven airstrikes near Kobani destroyed three ISIL fighting positions and two
          ISIL staging areas, damaged another ISIL staging area and suppressed four
          ISIL fighting positions.
          -- Near Raqqah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL headquarters building.
          Airstrikes in Iraq
          In Iraq, fighter, attack, bomber and remotely-piloted aircraft have conducted 15
          airstrikes since Nov. 21, officials said:
          -- Five airstrikes near Mosul destroyed an ISIL checkpoint, three ISIL
          Humvees, a large ISIL unit, two tactical ISIL units and a heavy weapon.
          -- Near Asad, two airstrikes destroyed a mortar position, an ISIL artillery piece,
          an ISIL vehicle and a tactical ISIL unit and damaged an ISIL-occupied building
          and an ISIL vehicle.
          -- Near Baghdad, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL-occupied building, three ISIL
          vehicles, an ISIL Humvee and two tactical ISIL units, one of which was
          emplacing roadside bombs.
          -- Near Ramadi, two airstrikes destroyed two ISIL vehicles.
          -- Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes suppressed a mortar position.
          -- An airstrike struck an ISIL obstruction near Fallujah Dam.

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2

          -- Near Hit, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
          All aircraft returned to base safely, Centcom officials said, noting that airstrike
          assessments are based on initial reports.
          The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the
          operation to eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq,
          the region and the wider international community.
          The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist
          group's ability to project power and conduct operations, Centcom officials said.
          Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the United States,
          Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands and the United
          Kingdom. Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Syria include the United
          States, Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

       Related Sites

          U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: Operation Inherent Resolve - Targeted Operations Against
          ISIL Terrorists
          The Defense Department on Facebook
          The Defense Department on Twitter
          DoD News on Facebook
          DoD News on Twitter
          DoDLive Blog
          DoD News Broadcast Channel

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
