                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2

     Airstrikes Target ISIL in Syria, Iraq

          From a U.S. Central Command News Release / Published November 26, 2014

          U.S. military forces continued to attack Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
          terrorists in Syria yesterday and today using bomber and fighter aircraft to
          conduct 10 airstrikes, U.S. Central Command officials reported.

          Separately, U.S. and partner nation military forces conducted seven airstrikes
          in Iraq yesterday and today using attack, fighter and remotely-piloted aircraft
          against ISIL terrorists, officials said.

          Airstrikes in Syria

          In Syria, 10 airstrikes near Kobani struck an ISIL fighting position, a large ISIL
          unit, two tactical ISIL units, and destroyed four ISIL staging areas and six ISIL
          fighting positions.

          Airstrikes in Iraq

          In Iraq, two airstrikes near Mosul destroyed an ISIL bulldozer, two ISIL
          vehicles, three ISIL-occupied buildings and an ISIL fighting position, and also
          struck a large ISIL unit. Near Kirkuk, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL tank, an
          ISIL Humvee and another ISIL vehicle, and also struck two ISIL units. North of
          Sinjar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL Humvee and an ISIL vehicle. Northwest
          of Ramadi, an airstrike damaged an ISIL checkpoint.

          And, west of Bayji, an airstrike destroyed one ISIL vehicle and damaged
          another.

          All aircraft returned to base safely. Airstrike assessments are based on initial
          reports.

          The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the
          operation to eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq,
          the region and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL
          targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability to project
          power and conduct operations.

          Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia,
          Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2
          Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain,
          Jordan, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.

       Related Sites

          U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: Operation Inherent Resolve - Targeted Operations Against
          ISIL Terrorists
          The Defense Department on Facebook
          The Defense Department on Twitter
          DoD News on Facebook
          DoD News on Twitter
          DoDLive Blog
          DoD News Broadcast Channel

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
