                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2

     Centcom Officials Provide Inherent
     Resolve Airstrike Details

          From a U.S. Central Command News Release / Published November 17, 2014
          U.S. Central Command officials today provided details of airstrikes that have
          targeted Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant terrorists in Syria and Iraq in
          recent days.
          Strikes in Syria
          U.S. fighter and bomber aircraft have conducted 11 airstrikes in Syria since
          Nov. 14, officials said:
          -- Nine airstrikes near Kobani destroyed seven ISIL fighting positions,
          suppressed another ISIL fighting position, destroyed four ISIL staging areas,
          and struck one tactical ISIL unit.
          -- Two airstrikes near Dayr Az Zawr struck an ISIL crude oil collection facility
          and destroyed an ISIL tank.
          Strikes in Iraq
          Meanwhile, U.S. and partner-nation military forces have conducted 20
          airstrikes against ISIL terrorists in Iraq since Nov. 14 using attack, bomber,
          fighter and remotely piloted aircraft:
          -- Four airstrikes near Rutbah destroyed nine ISIL trucks, two ISIL excavators
          and an ISIL front-loader, and damaged an ISIL vehicle.
          -- Three airstrikes near Fallujah destroyed two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL bulldozer
          and an ISIL front-loader.
          -- An airstrike southwest of Mosul Dam destroyed an ISIL bulldozer and struck
          a tactical ISIL unit.
          -- Two airstrikes west of Mosul struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an
          ISIL vehicle and an ISIL fighting position.
          -- Three airstrikes near Kirkuk struck a tactical ISIL unit and damaged an ISIL
          tank and destroyed another.

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2

          -- An airstrike southwest of Qaim destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
          -- An airstrike in Tal Afar struck a tactical ISIL unit.
          -- Five airstrikes near Bayji struck two tactical ISIL units and a large ISIL unit
          and destroyed an ISIL tank, an ISIL vehicle and four ISIL fighting positions.
          All aircraft returned to base safely, Centcom officials said, noting that airstrike
          assessments are based on initial reports.
          Part of Inherent Resolve
          The strikes were conducted as part of Inherent Resolve, the operation to
          eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region
          and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria
          and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability to project power and conduct
          operations, officials said.
          Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the United States,
          Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, the Netherlands and the United
          Kingdom. Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Syria include the United
          States, Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.

       Related Sites

          U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: Operation Inherent Resolve - Targeted Operations Against
          ISIL Terrorists
          The Defense Department on Facebook
          The Defense Department on Twitter
          DoD News on Facebook
          DoD News on Twitter
          DoDLive Blog
          DoD News Broadcast Channel

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
