                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2

     Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in
     Syria, Iraq

          From a U.S. Central Command News Release / Published November 19, 2014

          U.S. and partner-nation military forces continued to attack Islamic State of Iraq
          and the Levant terrorists in Syria and Iraq over the last three days, U.S.
          Central Command officials reported.

          Strikes in Syria

          In Syria, fighter and bomber aircraft conducted six airstrikes against ISIL, and
          one U.S. airstrike targeted a network of veteran al-Qaida operatives known as
          the Khorasan Group, officials said.

          Five airstrikes near Kobani destroyed an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL staging
          area and three ISIL-occupied buildings, and also suppressed two ISIL fighting
          positions and struck two tactical units and a large ISIL unit.

          An airstrike southeast of Hasakah damaged a crude oil collection point
          operated by ISIL. In northwestern Syria near Haram, a U.S. airstrike struck and
          destroyed a storage facility associated with the Khorasan Group, whose
          members are plotting attacks against the United States and its allies, Centcom
          officials said.

          Strikes in Iraq

          Separately, U.S. and partner nation military forces conducted 24 airstrikes
          against ISIL terrorists in Iraq over the last three days, using attack, fighter,
          bomber and remotely piloted aircraft.

          Thirteen airstrikes near Kirkuk destroyed two ISIL fighting positions, seven ISIL
          staging areas, an ISIL mortar position, and an ISIL bulldozer and front-loader.
          Seven airstrikes near Mosul struck five ISIL tactical units, damaged a roadside-
          bomb factory, and destroyed an ISIL mortar position, three ISIL vehicles, an
          ISIL occupied building, an ISIL artillery piece and an ISIL artillery mover.

          Three airstrikes near Bayji struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed an
          ISIL-occupied building and an ISIL vehicle. An airstrike near Fallujah struck an
          ISIL tactical unit.

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2

          All aircraft returned to base safely, Centcom officials said, noting that airstrike
          assessments are based on initial reports.
          Part of Inherent Resolve
          The strikes were conducted as part of Inherent Resolve, the operation to
          eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region
          and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria
          and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability to project power and conduct
          operations, officials said.
          Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the United States,
          Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, the Netherlands and the United
          Kingdom. Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Syria include the United
          States, Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.

       Related Sites

          U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: U.S. Central Command
          Special Report: Operation Inherent Resolve - Targeted Operations Against
          ISIL Terrorists
          The Defense Department on Facebook
          The Defense Department on Twitter
          DoD News on Facebook
          DoD News on Twitter
          DoDLive Blog
          DoD News Broadcast Channel

http://www.defense.gov/DesktopModules/ArticleCS/Print.aspx?PortalId=1&ModuleId=7... 12/15/2015
