                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 15, 2015
Release # 20150615
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 14. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using attack and fighter
aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi
Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL
terrorists.

     "Coalition airstrikes are exacting a high price on Daesh terrorists across Iraq and Syria," said
Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Since fall 2014, Kurdish forces in both
Iraq and Syria, enabled by the Coalition, have only taken territory from Daesh, never ceding it."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL
         motorcycles, two ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL tunnel systems and an ISIL
         communication tower.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical unit, destroying
         an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar firing
         position, destroying an ISIL tunnel entrance and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Al Qaim, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike destroyed six ISIL bunkers.
     Near Makhmur, four airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical unit, two ISIL

         staging areas and an ISIL mortar firing position, destroying three ISIL heavy machine
         guns, two ISIL structures and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck two ISIL mortar firing positions, an ISIL rocket firing
         positon and an ISIL rocket system.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying two ISIL buildings,
         two ISIL heavy machine guns, two ISIL tunnel systems and an ISIL rocket propelled
         grenade.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL mortar
         firing position, destroying an ISIL building and an ISIL vehicle.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
