                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 17, 2015
Release # 20150417
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 16, and 8 a.m., April 17, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted eight airstrikes using attack and bomber aircraft. Separately in Iraq, Coalition
military forces conducted 13 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using fighter,
attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

"Air strikes were conducted yesterday throughout the breadth of Iraq and into Syria, as the
coalition continues the fight against Daesh," said CJTF-OIR Chief of Staff Brig. Gen. Thomas
Weidley. "The steady, continuous pressure being applied by ground forces and coalition
airstrikes is degrading Daesh and clearly inhibiting their operational freedom, span of control,
military capacity and fighter morale."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         armored vehicle.

     Near Kobani, six airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroyed eight ISIL fighting
         positions, five ISIL vehicles and two ISIL motorcycles.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed two ISIL vehicles and
         an ISIL excavator.

     Near Bayji, five airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units, destroyed four ISIL vehicles,
         three ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Fallujah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Hit, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun, an ISIL excavator and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL fighting position and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL building.

                                                       -MORE-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    2-2-2
         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
