                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 19, 2015
Release # 20150819
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 18, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes using attack,
fighter, fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 18 airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter
and fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

         "Coalition airstrikes in and around Bayji and Ramadi are consistently putting pressure on
the leadership of Daesh," said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, chief of staff, CJTF-OIR. "We are
constantly restricting their freedom of maneuver and disrupting their ability to successfully
counterattack."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, five airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units and destroyed six ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL motorcycle.

     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         checkpoint.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles, an
         ISIL artillery piece and an ISIL VBIED.

     Near Habbaniyah, two airstrikes destroyed two ISIL mortar firing positions and an ISIL
         vehicle.

     Near Makhmur, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, two ISIL staging areas and
         an ISIL rocket firing position and destroyed three ISIL tunnels and an ISIL light machine
         gun.

     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical units and

         destroyed three ISIL vehicles, two ISIL buildings and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed five ISIL fighting

         positions, four ISIL heavy machine guns, an ISIL light machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL heavy machine gun firing position.
     Near Tuz, three airstrikes destroyed 20 ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL excavator and an

         ISIL vehicle.
                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
