                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 7, 2015
Release # 20150507
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 6, and 8 a.m., May 7, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted four airstrikes using attack and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military
forces conducted 14 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "The coalition strikes in Mosul represent increased pressure against Daesh," said Col.
Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "The coalition continues to conduct
successful strikes upon Daesh units, fighting positions, and safe havens, which is limiting their
freedom of movement within Iraq."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck one large and two small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying 12 ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL trench system and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL generator.
     Near Bayji, six airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying two ISIL fighting

         positions, four ISIL structures, an ISIL VBIED and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck two ISIL fighting positions, destroying an ISIL

         excavator.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
