                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 28, 2015
Release # 20150728
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 27, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes using fighter,
fighter-attack, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 23 airstrikes coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter-attack,
bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Coalition forces in coordination with the GoI continue to strike Daesh in multiple locations
throughout Iraq and Syria daily," said Col Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs.
"Our 20 airstrikes in Ramadi over the past four days are assisting the Iraqi Security Forces to
isolate the city and degrade Daesh's ability to maneuver their forces."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, seven airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL
         fighting positions, an ISIL staging position, an ISIL bunker, an ISIL motorcycle and an
         ISIL structure.

     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL vehicle,
         seven ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL bunker.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         checkpoint.

     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and terrain denying ISIL a
         tactical advantage and destroyed two ISIL buildings.

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed six ISIL
         structures.

     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL structures.
     Near Makhmur, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed 19 ISIL

         fighting positions, 10 ISIL tunnels and three ISIL vehicles.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, six airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         excavator, two ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL resupply truck, an ISIL mortar position,
         an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery weapon, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL structure.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Sinjar, five airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and two ISIL staging areas and
         destroyed an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL heavy machine gun, five ISIL fighting positions and
         an ISIL light machine gun.

     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
