                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 14, 2015
Release # 201510014-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 13, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted two strikes using remotely piloted
and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16 strikes coordinated
with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, ground attack,
remotely piloted aircraft, and rocket artillery against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hawl, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
    

         Iraq
                  .

     Near Al Baghdadi, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         homemade explosives cache.

     Near Bayji, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         building, an ISIL resupply vehicle, and two ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine
         gun and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Mosul, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three
         ISIL fighting positions and two ISIL heavy machine guns.

     Near Ramadi, four strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed five ISIL buildings,
         five ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL tactical vehicle, two ISIL improvised explosive
         clusters used as minefields, and denied ISIL terrain at three separate locations.

     Near Samarra, one strike destroyed two ISIL weapons caches.
     Near Sinjar, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed eight ISIL

         fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles, ten ISIL bunkers, and two ISIL tunnel systems.
     Near Tal Afar, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations
which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
