                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 12, 2015
Release # 20150212
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 11, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using fighter aircraft to conduct three airstrikes. Separately, U.S.
and Coalition military forces conducted 12 airstrikes in Iraq, using fighter, attack,
bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place
between 8 a.m., Feb. 11, and 8 a.m., Feb. 12, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck multiple ISIL oil pump jacks.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes destroyed six ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Kirkuk, three airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL tactical unit

         and destroyed three ISIL heavy machine guns, six ISIL buildings, an ISIL vehicle,
         an ISIL VBIED, an ISIL bulldozer and an ISIL trailer.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL tactical unit,
         an ISIL staging area and destroyed two ISIL bulldozers, two ISIL vehicles, an
         ISIL armored vehicle, an ISIL building and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck ISIL earthen berms used to control water.
     Near Makhmur, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition
nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
