                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 16, 2015
 Release # 20151116-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 15, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 10 strikes using attack, fighter, and
 remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 13 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, remotely
 piloted aircraft, and rocket artillery against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

       Near Abu Kamal, one strike destroyed 116 ISIL fuel trucks.
       Near Al Hasakah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

           positions.
       Near Al Hawl, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed five ISIL

           buildings and an ISIL vehicle.
       Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL storage depot.
       Near Ayn Isa, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

           tactical vehicle, an ISIL vehicle, two ISIL fighting positions, and wounded an ISIL fighter.
       Near Mar'a, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting positions.
       Near Palmyra, one strike struck an ISIL staging area.

Iraq

       Near Al Baghdadi, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy
           machine gun and an ISIL home-made explosives cache.

       Near Albu Hayat, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
       Near Fallujah, one strike destroyed an ISIL building.
       Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
       Near Qayyarah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL weapons cache.
       Near Ramadi, five strikes destroyed six separate ISIL command and control nodes, damaged

           an ISIL building, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
       Near Sinjar, two strikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL vehicles.

                                                      -MORE-
                                            For additional information contact:

                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                             COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
