                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 5, 2015
Release # 20150405
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                         Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On April 4, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using attack and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct three airstrikes. Separately in Iraq,
Coalition military forces conducted 12 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense, using
attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8
a.m., April 4, and 8 a.m., April 5, local time.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed five fighting
         positions and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Ar Raqqah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL armored personnel carrier.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck 10 IED facilities.
     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL IED production facility and

         destroyed two ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position,

         an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL building.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine

         gun and ISIL fighting position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability
to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and
United States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                           -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
