                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 7, 2015
Release # 20150607
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., June 6, and 8 a.m., June 7, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted 11 airstrikes using bomber, attack and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition
military forces conducted 11 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

"The coalition is keeping the pressure on Daesh throughout Iraq and Syria," said Col. Wayne
Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "The steady, continuous pressure being applied by
ground forces and coalition airstrikes is degrading Daesh and clearly inhibiting their operational
freedom, span of control, military capacity and fighter morale."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying four ISIL fighting positions and a vehicle.

     Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL ant-aircraft
         artillery piece and an ISIL fighting positon.

     Near Ar Raqqah, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL
         fighting positons, an ISIL rocket system, an ISIL motorcycle and an ISIL weapon
         transportation vehicle.

     Near Kobani, five airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL vehicles
         and two ISIL mortar systems.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL bridge, destroying an

         ISIL vehicle.
     Near Makhmur, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL mortar position and

         an ISIL rocket position, destroying three ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL building.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL

         buildings, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL heavy machine gun,

         destroying two ISIL buildings, an ISIL mortar system and an ISIL vehicle.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                     -MORE-

the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
