                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 14, 2015
Release # 20150814
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 13, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes using attack,
bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 23 airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter,
fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Coalition airstrikes in Ramadi have destroyed many Daesh forces, equipment and fighting
positions," said Col. Mike Indovina, spokesman, CJTF-OIR. "The continued pounding of Daesh
defensive positions sets the conditions for ISF as they advance closer to the city in order to
completely encircle Ramadi, 'tightening the noose' around the city, before commencing clearing
operations."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed five ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL bunker.

     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         recoilless rifles, two ISIL vehicles and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Ar Raqqah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units.
     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
         fighting positions, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL resupply
         caches.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL anti-aircraft
         artillery piece and an ISIL weapons cache.

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and terrain features denying
         ISIL a tactical advantage and destroyed three ISIL buildings.

     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL fighting
         positions and an ISIL bunker.

     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar firing position.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL fighting

         positions.
                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Ramadi, six airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and an ISIL fighting position
         and destroyed three ISIL buildings, two ISIL IEDs, two ISIL vehicles and an ISIL
         recoilless rifle.

     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL fighting
         positions and four ISIL light machine guns.

     Near Tal Afar, six airstrikes struck four ISIL staging areas and destroyed an ISIL anti-
         aircraft artillery piece and an ISIL VBIED.

     Near Tuz, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
