                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 27, 2015
Release # 20150327
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 26, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using attack, fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct six airstrikes. Separately
in Iraq, Coalition military forces conducted 10 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of
Defense, using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes
took place between 8 a.m., March 26, and 8 a.m., March 27, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, six airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed five ISIL fighting
         positions, three ISIL vehicles, two ISIL anti-aircraft artillery weapons and an ISIL
         excavator.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL vehicles
         and an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery weapon.

     Near Fallujah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL anti-aircraft
         artillery weapon.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL staging area and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL building.

     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed five ISIL buildings, an
         anti-aircraft artillery weapon and an ISIL mortar position.

     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tikrit, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles

         and an ISIL VBIED.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
