                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 13, 2015
Release # 20150613
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 12. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using attack and fighter
aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 12 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi
Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    "The Coalition continues to strike Daesh terrorists in complex and congested urban terrain in
Iraq and Syria," said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Although urban
terrain hinders force movements during conventional military operations, the vertical dimension
combined with state-of-the-art technology, allows coalition air forces the ability to successfully
support our partners at the tactical level."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL fighting
         position.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL vehicles,
         two ISIL fuel tankers and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL rocket firing positon.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck two ISIL mortar firing positions, destroying two ISIL

         fighting positions.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL mortar firing

         position, destroying three ISIL heavy machine guns, an ISIL fighting position and an
         ISIL structure.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL sniper positon,
         destroying three ISIL heavy machine guns and three ISIL structures.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
