                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 6, 2015
Release # 20151006-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 5, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven strikes using bomber, fighter,
and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17 strikes
coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, fighter-
attack, ground-attack, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria
              Near Al Hasakah, five strikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and
                  destroyed an ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive device (VBIED), five ISIL
                  buildings, and an ISIL checkpoint.
              Near Dayr Az Zawr, one strike struck an ISIL crude oil collection point.
              Near Manbij, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
                  building.

         Iraq
              Near Al Huwayjah, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and
                  destroyed three ISIL fighting positions and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
              Near Habbaniyah, one strike destroyed an ISIL weapons cache.
              Near Mosul, one strike destroyed an ISIL tactical vehicle.
              Near Ramadi, nine strikes struck six separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an
                  ISIL VBIED, four ISIL buildings, ten ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL heavy
                  machine gun, an ISIL excavator, two ISIL mortar positions, an ISIL IED
                  compound, three ISIL homemade explosive (HME) facilities, an ISIL house borne
                  improvised explosive device, an ISIL HME cache, and denied ISIL access to
                  terrain.
              Near Sinjar, two strikes destroyed six ISIL bunkers.
              Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike suppressed an ISIL mortar position.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations
which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
