                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 7, 2015
Release # 20150407
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                         Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and Iraq,
between 8 a.m., April 6, and 8 a.m., April 7, local time. In Syria, Coalition military forces conducted
three airstrikes, using bomber and remotely-piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, Coalition military
forces conducted 12 airstrikes using attack, fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL
terrorists.

     "These strikes, like all those we've conducted in Iraq, were coordinated with and approved
by the Government of Iraq," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR spokesman."This coordination
allows the Coalition to deliver precise strikes in support of the Iraqi Security Forces' efforts to
counter Daesh."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Aleppo, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes destroyed six ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Ar Rutbah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL vehicle and destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroyed an ISIL excavator, an

         ISIL mortar tube, an ISIL vehicle, and an ISIL-created dam.
     Near Hit in Al Anbar Province, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         vehicle.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL heavy

         machine guns, three ISIL buildings, an ISIL artillery piece and an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL excavators.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability
to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and
United States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                      - 30 -

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
