                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 29, 2015
 Release # 20151129-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 28, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three strikes using remotely
 piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 19 strikes coordinated with
 and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, and remotely piloted
 aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         vehicles.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one strike destroyed an ISIL front end loader.

Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and wounded an ISIL fighter.
     Near Al Qaim, two strikes struck two ISIL improvised explosive device (IED) facilities.
     Near Fallujah, one strike destroyed an ISIL rocket rail.
     Near Habbaniyah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions, an ISIL sniper position, and an ISIL building.
     Near Hit, one strike destroyed an ISIL used bridge.
     Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun

         and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Qayyarah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Ramadi, seven strikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun position, two ISIL buildings, two ISIL weapons caches, wounded an ISIL
         fighter, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
     Near Sinjar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                     COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

    Near Tal Afar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                    COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
