                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 2, 2015
Release # 20150402
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On April 1, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria, using fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct three airstrikes. Separately in Iraq,
Coalition military forces conducted four airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense,
using attack and fighter aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m.,
April 1, and 8 a.m., April 2, local time.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:
         Syria

     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL tactical unit and
         destroyed three ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq
     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle and an

         ISIL building.
     Near Fallujah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL mortar tube.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Ramadi, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
