                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 6, 2015
Release # 20150806
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 5, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 11 airstrikes using fighter, fighter-
attack and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16
airstrikes coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter-attack, bomber and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    Coalition strikes degrade command and control and resupply efforts of Daesh, while Daesh
fighters attempt to control populations and lines of communications.

    "The coalition and our partners on the ground are continuing to tighten the noose around
Daesh in Iraq and Syria," said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Every member
of the coalition plays a vital role in degrading the terrorist organization, and we are all working
to dismantle Daesh while limiting their ability to harm civilians."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, seven airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units and destroyed 11 ISIL
         fighting positons, three ISIL motorcycles and two ISIL bunkers.

     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         fighting positons and an ISIL building.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL
         buildings and an ISIL checkpoint.

     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         checkpoint.

     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and three ISIL staging areas and
         destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Habbaniyah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         armored personnel carriers, two ISIL structures, an ISIL IED and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Hit, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL light machine
         gun and an ISIL fighting positon.

     Near Makhmur, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 17 ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL weapons cache.
                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL light machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position and an ISIL light machine gun.
     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
