                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 23, 2015
 Release # 20151123-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 22, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 14 strikes using attack, ground-
 attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
 conducted 19 strikes coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using rocket
 artillery and bomber, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Mar'a, two strikes destroyed an ISIL artillery piece, an ISIL mortar tube, and an ISIL
         weapons cache.

     Near Abu Kamal, two strikes destroyed an ISIL excavator and destroyed an ISIL earthen
         bridge.

     Near Al Hasakah, four strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL
         structures and an ISIL tactical vehicle.

     Near Al Hawl, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         vehicle and two ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Ayn Isa, four strikes struck four separate tactical units and destroyed an ISIL vehicle and
         six ISIL structures.

Iraq

     Near Albu Hayat, one strike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Ar Rutbah, one strike struck an ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive device

         (VBIED) facility.
     Near Fallujah, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles and

         wounded two ISIL fighters.
     Near Habbaniyah, one strike destroyed an ISIL artillery piece.
     Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun

         and an ISIL fighting position.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                             COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

    Near Makhmur, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine
       gun and two ISIL fighting positions.

    Near Mosul, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
    Near Ramadi, five strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL tactical

       vehicle, eight ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL house borne improvised explosive device
       (HBIED), two ISIL recoilless rifles, an ISIL weapons cache, an ISIL building, and denied
       ISIL access to terrain.
    Near Sinjar, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun,
       an ISIL fighting position, and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
    Near Sultan Abdallah, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed five
       ISIL fighting positions.
    Near Hit, one strike destroyed an ISIL bridge section.

Additionally on Nov. 21, two strikes occurred in Syria that were previously unreported:

    Near Dayr Az Zawr, one strike struck an ISIL crude oil collection point.
    Near Al Hasakah and Dayr Az Zawr, one strike destroyed 283 ISIL vehicles.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
   Combined Joint Task Force

               Operation Inherent Resolve
                       APO AE 09306
                               -30-

               For additional information contact:
                     CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

       COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                   https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
              https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
