                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 26, 2015
 Release # 20151126-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 25, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted four strikes using bomber and
 remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 23 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, ground
 attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Al Hawl, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         fighting positions and wounded two ISIL fighters.

     Near Ar Raqqah, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL vehicle staging area and
         destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one strike destroyed two ISIL rocket positions.
     Near Albu Hayat, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kisik, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles and five

         ISIL bunkers.
     Near Mosul, five strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and an ISIL checkpoint and

         destroyed five ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL vehicle, and an ISIL building.
     Near Ramadi, seven strikes struck five separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL mortar, two ISIL structures, an ISIL boat, an
         ISIL front-end loader, cratered an ISIL road, suppressed an ISIL vehicle's movement, and
         denied ISIL access to terrain.
     Near Sinjar, five strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL vehicle,
         an ISIL heavy machine gun, two ISIL fighting positions, damaged an ISIL vehicle, suppressed
         an ISIL heavy machine gun, and wounded an ISIL fighter.
     Near Sultan Abdallah, two strikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                             COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
