                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 31, 2015
Release # 20150531
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 30, and 8 a.m., May 31, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted four airstrikes using attack and bomber aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military
forces conducted 13 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber,
fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "Coalition precision strikes continue to dismantle Daesh's capabilities across Iraq and
Syria," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "These strikes remove
Daesh's ability to mass fighters, destroys their equipment, and ultimately will contribute to their
defeat."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL
         fighting positions.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes destroyed three ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL building, an
         ISIL mortar system and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL crossing point.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL mortar system and land

         features denying ISIL a tactical advantage, destroying an ISIL building and an ISIL
         heavy machine gun.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL armored
         personnel carrier and an ISIL excavator.
     Near Sinjar, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL mortar position,
         destroying five ISIL fighting positions and three ISIL tunnel systems.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building and
         an ISIL mortar system.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                          -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
