                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 26, 2015
Release # 20150726
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 25, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 13 airstrikes using fighter,
bomber, attack and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 20 airstrikes coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter-attack and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 "Nearly all of the deliberate airstrikes against ISIL targets are acquired and validated via the
 Coalition's Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) assets," said Brig. Gen.
 Kevin Killea, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "The Coalition's air campaign, train and equip, and
 advise & assist missions are providing crucial support to ISF at the operational level."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, five airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units, two ISIL small
         tactical units and two ISIL fighting positions and destroyed an ISIL weapons cache, an
         ISIL command and control center, two ISIL fighting positions and three ISIL
         checkpoints.

     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL towed
         artillery piece.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kobani, five airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and four ISIL small tactical

         units and destroyed six ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL mortar position.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL structure.
     Near Al Qaim, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Habbaniyah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL

         mortar systems, an ISIL structure and an ISIL bridge.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL structures.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         bunkers.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL VBIED factory and an

         ISIL mortar position and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Ramadi, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, two ISIL tanks and an ISIL

         armored personnel carrier and destroyed an ISIL road block, an ISIL armored personnel
         carrier, an ISIL building, two ISIL structures and an ISIL mortar position.
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL ammunition
         cache and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Tuz, four airstrikes struck 4 ISIL staging areas.
    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
