                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 27, 2015
Release # 20150427
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 26, and 8 a.m., April 27, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted five airstrikes using attack, bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq,
Coalition military forces conducted 26 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using
attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "The Coalition struck Daesh military capabilities with a total of 31 successful airstrikes,"
said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR Chief of Public Affairs. "A successful campaign against
Daesh will take time, and will require a sustained, united and coordinated response."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck eight ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying five ISIL fighting

         positions and ISIL heavy machine gun.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL fighting
         positions.

     Near Bayji, seven airstrikes struck six ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL fighting
         positions, three ISIL vehicles, an ISIL warehouse and an ISIL mortar system.

     Near Fallujah, eight airstrikes struck seven ISIL tactical units, destroying five ISIL
         fighting positions, three ISIL mortar tubes, an ISIL excavator and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, two ISIL mortar positions and an
         ISIL staging area.

     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying a recoilless rifle.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL mortar position,

         destroying an ISIL excavator.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
