                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 11, 2015
Release # 20150511
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 10, and 8 a.m., May 11, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted nine airstrikes using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq,
coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense
using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "Our strikes in Syria are having a significant effect on Daesh forces," said Col. Wayne
Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "These strikes represent increased pressure against
Daesh leadership, and result from Daesh repeatedly ceding territory to Kurdish forces."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, six airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical unit,
         destroying three ISIL fighting positions, three ISIL vehicles, two ISIL mortar positions,
         four ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL supply point

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL mortar

         position and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL fighting position and struck land features

         denying ISIL a tactical advantage.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying four ISIL buildings

         and three ISIL heavy machine guns.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
