                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 7, 2015
Release # 20150907
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 6, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted four airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 11 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Mar'a, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Tamakh, two airstrikes destroyed five ISIL excavators.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
         vehicles.

     Near Ar Rutbah, one airstrike struck an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL motorcycle.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL artillery piece.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL light

         machine gun and an ISIL recoilless rifle.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions, two ISIL light machine guns and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL heavy machine gun firing position.
     Near Tuz, one airstrike destroyed 49 ISIL fighting positions, four ISIL tunnels and an

         ISIL weapons cache.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
