                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 14, 2015
Release # 20150714
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 13, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes using bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 20
airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using bomber, attack, and fighter-attack
aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "We are supporting ISF operations in Ramadi with precision airstrikes on Daesh targets,"
said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Coalition efforts to date in Ramadi have
been a great enabler for the advancement of Iraqi ground forces. It should be understood that the
coalition only supports those security forces, tribal resistance fighters and Iraqi Army units that
are under the control of the government of Iraq and report directly to the Ministry of Defense for
operations."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         fighting positions.

     Near Aleppo, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL towed
         artillery piece.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, two airstrikes struck nine ISIL staging areas.

         Iraq

     Near Fallujah, six airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units destroying two ISIL
         excavators, an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL heavy machine gun position, an ISIL mortar system
         and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL VBIEDs, an ISIL armored personnel
         carrier and an ISIL excavator.

     Near Haditha, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units destroying an ISIL mortar
         system, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL structure.

     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL rocket position.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar position and

         destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, five airstrikes destroyed an ISIL excavator, an ISIL VBIED factory, an

         ISIL armored vehicle, an ISIL structure and four ISIL VBIEDs.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units destroying five ISIL buildings,

         two ISIL light machine guns, and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike had inconclusive results.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
