                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

November 05, 2015
Release # 20151105-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 4, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three strikes using fighter aircraft.
Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 20 strikes coordinated with and in support
of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, and remotely piloted aircraft, and rocket
artillery against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

         Near Mar'a, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
             position.

         Near Al Hasakah, one strike produced inconclusive results.
         Near Al Hawl, one strike struck a large tactical unit and two ISIL buildings.

         Iraq

          Near Al Huwayjah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
          Near Albu Hayat, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle

             borne improvised explosive device (VBIED), an ISIL mortar position, an ISIL weapons
             cache, an ISIL building, and an ISIL fighting position.
          Near Bayji, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
          Near Fallujah, one strike struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL bunkers
             and an ISIL fighting position.
          Near Mosul, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
             fighting position.
          Near Ramadi, three strikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed 18 ISIL
             fighting positions, four ISIL heavy machine guns, an ISIL mortar position, an ISIL
             weapons cache, an ISIL motorcycle, two ISIL resupply warehouses, and damaged three
             ISIL buildings.

                                                    -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

          Near Sinjar, eight strikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
             weapons caches, two ISIL assembly areas, eight ISIL fighting positions, and six ISIL
             staging areas.

          Near Sultan Abdallah, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
             fighting positions and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
