                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 24, 2015
Release # 20150624
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 23. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted one airstrike using bomber aircraft.
Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes approved by the Iraqi
Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "The coalition is dedicated to protecting noncombatants while striking Daesh targets," said
Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "We strike with precision while always
considering the appropriate level of risk and proportionality."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Tal Abyad, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL vehicles and
         an ISIL staging area.

     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, four airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical unit and two ISIL

         staging areas, destroying three ISIL buildings.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar firing

         position, destroying an ISIL building.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

     The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
