                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 20, 2015
Release # 20150420
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 19, and 8 a.m., April 20, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted 10 airstrike using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in
Iraq, Coalition military forces conducted 26 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense
using fighter, attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

"We have seen a lot of Coalition strike support over the reporting period," said CJTF-OIR Chief
of Staff Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley. "In just about every case, offensive ground activities in
both Iraq and Syria, force Daesh to present themselves where they can be targeted. Layered
Coalition support, including aviation fires, reconnaissance, intelligence, and advise and assist
elements, remains the key enabler to Iraqi and Kurdish operations to dismantle and defeat
Daesh."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL mortar position and
         destroying an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Kobani, seven airstrikes struck seven ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL
         vehicles, an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL mortar tube and an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery
         weapon.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL heavy
         machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Ar Rutbah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, eight airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL VBIEDS,

         an ISIL machine gun, an ISIL artillery piece, an ISIL ammo storage facility and an ISIL
         vehicle.
     Near Fallujah, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL staging area,
         destroying an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery weapon and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck an ISIL staging area, destroying four ISIL fighting
         positions, an ISIL armored vehicle and an ISIL excavator.

                                                     -MORE-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Ramadi, five airstrikes struck an ISIL large and two ISIL small tactical units,
         destroying an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL armored vehicle.

     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL buildings and an
         ISIL heavy machine gun.
         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
