                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 15, 2015
Release # 20150415.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 14, and 8 a.m., April 15, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted six airstrikes, using attack and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, Coalition
military forces conducted 17 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using fighter,
attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "After detailed analysis, planning and coordination, a deliberate coalition airstrike was
conducted in Mosul," said, CJTF-OIR Chief of Staff Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley. "These
deliberate airstrikes demonstrate the ability of the coalition to pursue a deliberate campaign plan
while also providing dynamic air support to ongoing ISF ground operations."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroyed six ISIL fighting
         positions, an ISIL VBIED, an ISIL tunnel and an ISIL bunker.

     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed six ISIL fighting
         positions.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, nine airstrikes struck two large and six smaller tactical units, destroyed two
         ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL bunker.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         armored personnel carrier.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed an ISIL building, an ISIL

         mortar system and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed an ISIL heavy machine

         gun and an ISIL fighting position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

2-2-2
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
