                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 5, 2015
Release # 20150305
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 4, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using attack, fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct seven airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and
Coalition military forces conducted five airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 4, and 8 a.m.,
March 5, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Kobani, four airstrikes destroyed 11 ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Tal Hamis, two airstrikes struck two ISIL fighting positions and destroyed an ISIL

         staging area and an ISIL fighting position.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL armored vehicle, an ISIL artillery piece
         and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Haditha, an airstrike was conducted to help support friendly forces movement.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include, Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
