                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 11, 2015
Release # 20150911
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 10, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 27 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hawl, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL excavator
         and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Palmyra, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL excavators.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL weapons caches and an ISIL vehicle
         storage facility.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL fighting position and
         destroyed an ISIL mortar system and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL mortar systems and an ISIL rocket rail.
     Near Hit, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kisik, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units and destroyed six ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL

         fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles and a building.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL heavy machine gun firing position.
     Near Tuz, ten airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and four ISIL staging areas and

         destroyed 20 ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles and an ISIL trench.

                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
