                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 3, 2015
Release # 20150503
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

Correction: The summary of airstrikes for May 2, 2015, incorrectly stated the number of
coalition airstrikes. The corrected summary of airstrikes can be seen below. We regret the
error.
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 1, and 8 a.m., May 2, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted three airstrikes using remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military
forces conducted 16 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, three airstrikes struck land features denying ISIL tactical advantage.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL VBIED, destroying two
         ISIL staging points.

     Near Fallujah, five airstrikes struck one large and three small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying four ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL mortar tube and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL staging
         areas and two ISIL excavators.

     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL excavator.

     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL buildings and
         two ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
