                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 8, 2015
Release # 20150308
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 7, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using bomber aircraft to conduct an airstrike. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military
forces conducted 12 airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against
ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 7, and 8 a.m., March 8, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed five ISIL fighting
         positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed six ISIL
         excavators and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Fallujah, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL fighting position and
         destroyed three ISIL vehicles.

     Near Haditha, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL mortar tube
         and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike struck multiple ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         excavators.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL IED factory and an ISIL tactical unit.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include, Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
