                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 6, 2015
Release # 20150906
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 5, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted four airstrikes using bomber, fighter
and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Mar'a, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL bulldozer,
         an ISIL excavator, an ISIL front end loader and an ISIL VBIED.

     Near Tal Abyad, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and terrain features denying ISIL a
         tactical advantage and destroyed four ISIL buildings.

     Near Fallujah, five airstrikes struck three ISIL staging areas and destroyed an ISIL
         building and an ISIL bunker.

     Near Hit, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL homemade
         explosives cache.

     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL training facility and an

         ISIL rocket firing position and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Tuz, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 26 ISIL fighting

         positions, two ISIL weapons caches and an ISIL VBIED.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
