                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 26, 2015
Release # 20150526
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 25, and 8 a.m., May 26, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted seven airstrikes using attack, bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition
military forces conducted 12 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

"Coalition airstrikes struck multiple targets near Mosul, Iraq," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-
OIR chief of public affairs. "The Coalition continues to shape this region for future offensive
operations."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, seven airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, an ISIL natural gas
         production plant and an ISIL headquarters, destroying four ISIL fighting positions, two
         ISIL vehicles and an ISIL mortar position.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL excavator.
     Near Fallujah, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL

         homemade explosives resupply vehicles and an ISIL armored vehicle.
     Near Hit, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL resupply vehicle.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL rocket firing

         position, destroying two ISIL heavy machine guns, an ISIL building and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL buildings and

         two ISIL heavy machine guns.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL heavy machine gun,

         destroying two ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL mortar position.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

         Separately, in northwest Syria on May 25, coalition military forces conducted an airstrike
using remotely piloted aircraft against a network of veteran al Qaida operatives, sometimes
called the "Khorasan Group," who are plotting external attacks against the United States and our
allies. The airstrike struck a tactical unit, destroying a vehicle.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
