                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 19, 2015
Release # 20150219
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 18, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using attack, fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct seven
airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes in Iraq, using
attack and fighter aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., Feb. 18,
and 8 a.m. Feb. 19, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck multiple ISIL oil pump jacks and destroyed an
         ISIL checkpoint.

     Near Kobani, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed eight ISIL
         fighting positions and two ISIL checkpoints.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL mortar tube.
     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Hit in Al Anbar Province, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL

         weapons storage and staging area and destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL armored vehicle.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL fighting position and

         destroyed three ISIL buildings.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France,
Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
