                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 24, 2015
Release # 20150424
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 23, and 8 a.m., April 24, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted four airstrikes using fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, Coalition military
forces conducted 11 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using fighter, attack,
bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "Daesh terrorists attempt to intimidate and extort the population in areas under their control
through such techniques as checkpoints," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR Chief of Public
Affairs. "The Coalition uses precision air strikes and reconnaissance, which limits Daesh's grip
on the population."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

        Syria

     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying four ISIL fighting
         positions and an ISIL boat.

         Iraq

     Near Fallujah, four airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, two ISIL fighting positions,
         destroying an ISIL IED and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck an ISIL checkpoint, destroying four ISIL heavy
         machine guns, three ISIL buildings, two ISIL excavators and an ISIL armored vehicle.

     Near Ramadi, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL culvert.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-
