                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 21, 2015
Release # 20150421
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 20, and 8 a.m., April 21, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted six airstrikes using attack, fighter and bomber aircraft. Separately in Iraq,
Coalition military forces conducted 22 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using
fighter, attack, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. These 22 strikes are a
result of the Iraqi Security and Kurdish Forces conducting simultaneous offensive operations.

     "The Coalition is continuing to target Daesh in and around Mosul," said Col. Wayne
Marotto, CJTF-OIR Chief of Public Affairs. "The deliberate strike on a Daesh IED factory
highlights the coalition's ability to target Daesh weapons production capabilities."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:
         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL checkpoint,
         destroying four ISIL fighting positions and two ISIL vehicles.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle and
         two ISIL fighting positions.
         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building and
         an ISIL excavator.

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL
         fighting position and an ISIL mortar system.

     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL anti-aircraft
         artillery weapons, two ISIL vehicles and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Fallujah, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL VBIED,
         an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL IED.

     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck an ISIL staging area, an ISIL IED factory and multiple
         ISIL fighting positions.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck an ISIL large and small tactical unit, destroying three
         ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL fighting
         positions and two ISIL buildings.

     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL heavy
         machine guns, two ISIL buildings and an ISIL recoilless rifle.
         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
