                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 12, 2015
Release # 20150912
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 11, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 22 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Abu Kamal, two airstrikes struck two ISIL crude oil collection points.
     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL VBIED.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL VBIED and
         an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Hit, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL
         vehicles, an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery piece and an ISIL building.

     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Kisik, two airstrikes struck an ISIL heavy machine gun firing position and an ISIL
         rocket firing position and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL armored personnel
         carrier and destroyed an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy
         machine gun and an ISIL IED.

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Sultan Abdallah, one airstrike struck an ISIL rocket firing position.
     Near Tuz, eight airstrikes struck six ISIL tactical units and destroyed 22 ISIL fighting

         positions, four ISIL vehicles, one ISIL heavy machine guns, an ISIL ammunition cache,
         an ISIL light machine gun and an ISIL motorcycle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                         -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
