                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 18, 2015
Release # 20150618
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 17. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes using bomber, attack,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16
airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter, bomber and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "Daesh fielded terrorist forces were the focus of today's strikes," said Col. Wayne Marotto,
CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "This enables our ground force partners to operate from a
tactical advantage."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL tunnel systems.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Abyad, four airstrikes struck one large and two small ISIL tactical units,

         destroying two ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles and an ISIL excavator.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL pontoon bridge.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL rocket rails

         and an ISIL bunker.
     Near Ramadi, four airstrikes struck multiple defensive obstacles and fighting positions.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL heavy

         machine guns, two ISIL buildings and an ISIL excavator.
     Near Tal Afar, five airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL fighting position, an

         ISIL bunker and land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage, destroying two ISIL
         buildings, two ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL VBIED.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

     The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
