                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 12, 2015
Release # 201510012-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 11, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted two strikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 18 strikes
coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack,
remotely piloted aircraft, and rocket artillery against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Washiya, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL tactical

         vehicle.

         Iraq
                  .

     Near Al Baghdadi, one strike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Bayji, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units, destroyed an ISIL

         fighting position, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
     Near Fallujah, one strike destroyed an ISIL anti-air artillery piece and an ISIL tactical

         vehicle.
     Near Kisik, one strike suppressed an ISIL heavy machine gun position.
     Near Mosul, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Ramadi, seven strikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two

         ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL mortar system, an ISIL trench, three separate ISIL
         vehicle borne improvised explosive devices, two ISIL front-end loaders, an ISIL
         building, an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL tactical vehicle, an ISIL home-made explosives cache,
         denied ISIL access to terrain and wounded an ISIL fighter.
     Near Sinjar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting
         positions.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

     Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit an destroyed and ISIL
         fighting position.

     Near Tal Afar, one strike struck and destroyed an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Waleed, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations
which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
