                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 1, 2015
Release # 20150601
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 31, and 8 a.m., June 1, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted 13 airstrikes using attack, bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition
military forces conducted 10 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, nine airstrikes struck eight ISIL tactical units, destroying seven ISIL
         fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles and an ISIL weapons cache.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL airfield.
     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying 13 ISIL fighting

         positions.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and land features denying ISIL a
         tactical advantage, destroying an ISIL resupply vehicle.

     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL staging
         areas, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL VBIED facility,
         destroying two ISIL buildings, an ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL mortar system and an
         ISIL rocket launcher.

     Near Ramadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL crane.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL buildings and

         an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and two ISIL mortar positions,

         destroying two ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL building.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
     The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
