                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 10, 2015
Release # 20150910
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 9, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 10 airstrikes using attack, fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 18 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, fighter, fighter-attack and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Abu Kamal, one airstrike struck an ISIL crude oil collection point.
     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

         fighting positions, two ISIL motorcycles and an ISIL structure.
     Near Al Hawl, one airstrike had inconclusive results.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL

         excavators.
     Near Mar'a, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL mortar supply point and an ISIL mortar tube.
     Near Palmyra, one airstrike had inconclusive results.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         building.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two buildings.
     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar firing position.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar firing position

         and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         building.
     Near Rawah, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and an ISIL encampment.

                                                         -MORE-

     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL mortar firing
         position and destroyed three ISIL fighting positions and two ISIL light machine guns.

     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar firing position.
     Near Tuz, four airstrikes destroyed 13 ISIL fighting positions and two ISIL vehicles.
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
