                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 31, 2015
Release # 2015031
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 30, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using bomber aircraft to conduct an airstrike. Separately in Iraq, Coalition
military forces conducted seven airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense, using
attack, fighter and bomber aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

         "The strategy has not changed," said Col. Wayne Marotto, Combined Joint Task Force
Public Affairs Officer. "The focus remains to drive ISIL out of Iraq. We have struck at ISIL's
command and control, supply lines, fighters and leaders, and military and economic
infrastructure and resources. We have debilitated ISIL's oil producing, processing and
transportation infrastructure. We are seeing successes in this fight. It will take time, but we will
succeed in our mission."

     All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 30, and 8 a.m., March 31, local time.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL fighting
         positions.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, one ISIL checkpoint and
         destroyed 31 ISIL vehicles and two ISIL anti-aircraft artillery weapons.

     Near Ramadi, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL buildings.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed an ISIL building and

         suppressed ISIL movement.
     Near Tikrit, an airstrike struck multiple ISIL buildings.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
