                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 21, 2015
Release # 20150621
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 20. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using fighter aircraft.
Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 18 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi
Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL
terrorists.

"The coalition's air power asymmetric advantages continue to yield successes," said Brig. Gen.
Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Strike, reconnaissance, surveillance and tactical lift
platforms have performed superbly."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Tal Abyad, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL IED, an ISIL
         structure and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Ar Rutbah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL supply truck.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL VBIED and

         an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Haditha, two airstrikes struck an ISIL safe house and an ISIL headquarters.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck an ISIL rocket and land features denying ISIL a

         tactical advantage.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and land features denying ISIL

         a tactical advantage, destroying an ISIL mortar system and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL buildings.
     Near Tal Afar, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL heavy machine gun and

         an ISIL mortar system, three ISIL fighting positions and land features denying ISIL a
         tactical advantage, destroying two ISIL buildings and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

     The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
