      Combined Joint Task Force

              Operation Inherent Resolve
                       APO AE 09306

October 5, 2015
Release # 20151005-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 4, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight strikes using bomber and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 13 strikes
coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using fighter, fighter-attack, and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:
         Syria

      Near Al Hasakah, six strikes struck seven separate ISIL tactical units and
      destroyed four ISIL fighting positions and three ISIL vehicles.
      Near Al Hawl, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
      vehicle.
      Near Palmyra, one strike produced inconclusive results.
Iraq

 Near Al Baghdadi, one strike destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun.
 Near Al Huwayjah, one strike suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
 Near Bayji, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL structure.
 Near Fallujah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

    buildings.
 Near Habbaniyah, one strike destroyed four ISIL rocket rails.
 Near Hit, one strike destroyed an ISIL weapons storage facility.
 Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

    position.
 Near Mosul, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle

    and an ISIL fighting position and wounded one ISIL fighter.

                       -MORE-

                     For additional information contact:
                           CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

             COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
      COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                         https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                    https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

              Near Ramadi, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed
                  four ISIL buildings, an ISIL weapons cache, an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL tactical
                  vehicle, an ISIL anti-tank weapon, two ISIL mortar positions, and five ISIL
                  fighting positions.

              Near Sinjar, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two
                  ISIL heavy machine guns and four ISIL fighting positions.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations
which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
