                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 6, 2015
Release # 20150306
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 5, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using attack and fighter aircraft to conduct four airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and
Coalition military forces conducted 12 airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 5, and 8 a.m.,
March 6, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Dayr az Zawr, an airstrike struck an ISIL crude oil collection point.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Hamis, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         bulldozer.

     Near Fallujah, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL headquarters and
         destroyed two ISIL buildings and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Haditha, an airstrike struck ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle and
         an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery system.

     Near Samarra, an airstrike neutralized an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Taji, an airstrike struck ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include, Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
