                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 12, 2015
Release # 20150512
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 11, and 8 a.m., May 12, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted 10 airstrikes using attack, bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition
military forces conducted 15 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

      "Coalition airstrikes are targeting Daesh terrorists in and around the Iraqi city of Bayji,"
said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "These strikes continue to support
Iraqi Security Forces engaged in operations to drive Daesh out of the area. We will fully support
the government of Iraq in this important effort."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, five airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical unit and an
         ISIL vehicle, destroying two ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL mortar position and an ISIL
         armored vehicle.

     Near Aleppo, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL IED factory.
     Near Kobani, four airstrikes destroyed seven ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL heavy

         machine gun.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL staging areas and an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Bayji, seven airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL
         ammunition storage facilities, three ISIL vehicles, two ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL
         VBIEDs, an ISIL mortar tube, an ISIL command and control facility and an ISIL cache.

     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL trench system,
         destroying an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL building.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building and

         an ISIL fighting position.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
