                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 18, 2015
Release # 201510018-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 17, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five strikes using remotely piloted
and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 18 strikes coordinated
with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, ground-attack and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Abu Kamal, two strikes destroyed two separate ISIL crude oil collection points.
     Near Aleppo, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed an ISIL tactical vehicle,

         and neutralized an ISIL tactical vehicle.
     Near Ar Raqqah, two strikes damaged an ISIL artillery piece.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, one strike struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL bunker, an
         ISIL heavy machine gun, three ISIL weapons caches, and an ISIL tactical vehicle.

     Near Habbaniyah, one strike destroyed an ISIL mortar system.
     Near Kisik, two strikes suppressed an ISIL sniper position and an ISIL light machine gun

         position.
     Near Mosul, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

         heavy machine guns, six ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL tactical vehicle.
     Near Qayyarah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL improvised

         explosive device and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, three strikes destroyed an ISIL supply cache and denied ISIL access to two

         separate terrain locations.
     Near Sinjar, five strikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL command

         and control node, an ISIL cache, an ISIL assembly area, 26 ISIL fighting positions, an
         ISIL improvised explosive device factory, and suppressed an ISIL rocket position.
     Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

     Near Tal Afar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations
which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
