                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 9, 2015
Release # 20150509
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 8, and 8 a.m., May 9, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted 15 airstrikes using attack, bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition
military forces conducted 13 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "The coalition is keeping the pressure on ISIL militants in both Iraq and Syria," said Col.
Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "The coalition is steadfastly supporting Iraqi
and Kurdish forces with intelligence, airstrikes and advice in support of their operations across
Iraq and Syria."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, 13 airstrikes struck three large and seven small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying nine ISIL fighting positions, 10 ISIL vehicles, two ISIL heavy machine guns
         and an ISIL armored vehicle.

     Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck an ISIL building and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle and an

         ISIL heavy machine gun.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL VBIEDS,

         two ISIL IED staging areas, an ISIL structure, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL IED.
     Near Fallujah, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL weapons facility, an

         ISIL IED staging facility, an ISIL VBIED facility, destroying an ISIL VBIED and an
         ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL building, an ISIL excavator, an ISIL
         heavy machine gun and an ISIL fighting position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
