                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 14, 2015
Release # 20150614
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 13. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted one airstrike using fighter aircraft.
Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 12 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi
Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter and bomber aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    "The Coalition is applying a deliberate approach to targeting Daesh vehicles and weapons in
Iraq and Syria," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "We are also
striking Daesh units whenever they expose themselves away from their hides among the civilian
population."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

    · Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

         Iraq

    · Near Baghdadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL staging position.
    · Near Bayji, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
    · Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle and an

         ISIL heavy machine gun.
    · Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar positon.
    · Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck two ISIL staging areas and land features denying ISIL

         a tactical advantage.
    · Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying two ISIL

         excavators, two ISIL buildings, two ISIL heavy machine guns, an ISIL rocket propelled
         grenade and an ISIL tunnel system.
    · Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck an ISIL rocket firing position and land features
         denying ISIL a tactical advantage.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
