                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 8, 2015
Release # 20150508
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 7, and 8 a.m., May 8, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted five airstrikes using attack, bomber fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately
in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of
Defense using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "The coalition is striking to secure current operational objectives and prepare for future
operations," said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "In addition to
airstrikes, the coalition continues to train the ISF and KSF to provide security to the population
and restore the territorial integrity of Iraq."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building.
     Near Al Qaim, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying six ISIL fighting

         positions, three ISIL vehicles, an ISIL VBIED and an ISIL armored personnel carrier.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL fighting

         position, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying seven ISIL

         buildings and destroying nine ISIL heavy machine guns.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
