                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 7, 2015
Release # 20150307
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                    Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 6, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using attack and fighter aircraft to conduct six airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and
Coalition military forces conducted 11 airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 6, and 8 a.m.,
March 7, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, six airstrikes struck three tactical units, destroyed two fighting positions
         and damaged one heavy machine gun position.

         Iraq

     Near Mosul, six airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroyed two buildings, two
         check points, two ISIL vehicles, and one mortar, damaged an anti-air defense artillery
         gun and a weapons cache, and neutralized an excavator.

     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes destroyed two anti-air defense guns.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck two tactical units and destroyed one fighting position

         and one sniper position.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck one tactical unit and destroyed one vehicle and one

         weapons cache.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include, Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
