                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 19, 2015
Release # 20150519
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 18, and 8 a.m., May 19, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted seven airstrikes using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately
in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 14 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of
Defense using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "In northern Syria, Daesh continues to cede military capacity, fighters and terrain," said
Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "The Coalition remains committed to
targeting Daesh across Iraq and Syria."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, seven airstrikes struck two large and two small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying seven ISIL vehicles, three ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL armored vehicles
         and an ISIL shipping container.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, one airstrike struck an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL vehicles and

         an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical unit, destroying

         six ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Ramadi, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL staging area,

         destroying an ISIL armored vehicle, an ISIL excavator and an ISIL resupply vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL heavy

         machine guns and an ISIL excavator.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL rocket firing

         position, destroying an ISIL building and an ISIL fighting position.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
