                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

January 11, 2015
Release # 2015011
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Jan. 10, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using attack, fighter, and bomber aircraft to conduct 10 airstrikes.
Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes in Iraq, using
attack and fighter aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m.,
Jan. 10, and 8 a.m., Jan. 11, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, nine airstrikes destroyed 15 ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Abu Kamal, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         shipping container, an ISIL vehicle, and an ISIL supply cache.

         Iraq

     Near Erbil, an airstrike struck a large ISIL unit.
     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck a large ISIL unit and destroyed two ISIL

         buildings.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and an ISIL building,

         and destroyed an ISIL sniper firing position and an ISIL building.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck an ISIL armored vehicle, an ISIL tactical unit,

         and a large ISIL unit and destroyed an ISIL armored vehicle, five ISIL vehicles,
         and 21 ISIL boats.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations
conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the
United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
