                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 15, 2015
Release # 20150915
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 14, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using fighter
aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 15 airstrikes coordinated with the
government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft
against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         armored personnel carrier.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL crude oil collection point.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         building.

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         tunnels and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed eight ISIL
         buildings, an ISIL IED and an ISIL carport.

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed three ISIL rocket rails.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar firing position.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, two ISIL rocket firing positions

         and an ISIL mortar firing position and destroyed three ISIL berms and 14 ISIL fighting
         positions.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL house-borne
         IED, an ISIL VBIED, five ISIL buildings, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL motorcycle.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed six ISIL fighting
         position, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL cache.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                         -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
