                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 14, 2015
Release # 20150914
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 13, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted four airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 18 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Dayr Ar Zawr, two airstrikes struck an ISIL crude oil collection point and destroyed
         an ISIL excavator.

     Near Kobani, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL artillery piece.
     Near Mar'a, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike destroyed three ISIL trenches.
     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck one large and two small ISIL tactical units and

         destroyed six ISIL buildings, three ISIL vehicles, an ISIL ant-aircraft artillery piece and
         an ISIL structure.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL bunker.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL motorcycle.
     Near Kisik, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL staging area and
         destroyed an ISIL excavator and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes destroyed two ISIL trenches, an ISIL bulldozer and an ISIL
         vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes destroyed four ISIL weapons caches, an ISIL armored
         personnel carrier and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Sultan Abdallah, one airstrike struck an ISIL sniper firing position.
     Near Tuz, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                         -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
