                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 4, 2015
Release # 20150404
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                         Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On April 3, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using attack and bomber aircraft to conduct six airstrikes. Separately in Iraq, Coalition military
forces conducted nine airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense, using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., April 3, and 8
a.m., April 4, local time.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, five airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed nine ISIL fighting
         positions, one ISIL vehicle, and one ISIL building.

     Near Hasakah, an airstrike struck one ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL fighting
         positions.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed one ISIL machine gun
         and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike destroyed one ISIL fighting position.
     Near Al Huwayjah, an airstrike had no effect.
     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL machine guns

         and an ISIL rifle.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck one large ISIL unit, one ISIL tactical unit and destroyed five

         ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL machine guns, an ISIL bull dozer, an ISIL vehicle, and an
         ISIL rifle.
     Near Fallujah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting positions
         and an ISIL building.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability
to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and
U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                           -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
