                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

September 28, 2015,
Release # 20150928-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Sept. 27, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using remotely
piloted and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 20 airstrikes
coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, fighter-attack,
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Abu Kamal, one airstrike struck an ISIL training area.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike resulted in inconclusive results.
     Near Mar'a, one airstrike suppressed an ISIL mortar system.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL checkpoint and an ISIL bunker.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building and

         two ISIL caches.
     Near Habbaniyah, two airstrikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed

         four ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL weapons cache, and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, three airstrikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an

         ISIL vehicle and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position, an ISIL tunnel, and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Ramadi, four airstrikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         building, four ISIL fighting positions, three ISIL boats, an ISIL home-made explosive
         cache, and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL
         fighting positions.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

     Near Sultan Abdallah, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL fighting position and suppressed
         an ISIL mortar position.

     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
         Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the
United States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia,
Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
