                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 12, 2015
Release # 20150712
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 11, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 16 airstrikes using bomber,
fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 11 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter-attack
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    Separately, Syrian aircraft conducted airstrikes within Ar Raqqah near the timeframe of
Coalition forces. These Syrian airstrikes were not coordinated with the Coalition. The nearest
Coalition airstrike to Ar Raqqa city-center was 6.75 km away and targeted four bridges.

    "Coalition airstrikes continue to protect gains made by partners on the ground while opening
up new avenues to further diminish Daesh capabilities," said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, CJTF-OIR
chief of staff. "With more than 5,200 strikes in Syria and Iraq since the beginning of the air
campaign, the Coalition continues to show its commitment to supporting anti-Daesh forces."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, eight airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and five ISIL tactical
         units destroying three ISIL vehicles, five ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL sniper position
         and three ISIL motorcycles.

     Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL bunker.
     Near Ar Raqqah, six airstrikes struck five ISIL staging areas and an ISIL personnel

         carrier destroying an ISIL t-wall and two ISIL excavators.
     Near Kobani, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and an ISIL rocket
         position, destroying two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL cache and two ISIL buildings.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit destroying two ISIL vehicles and an
         ISIL fuel tanker.

     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit destroying an ISIL rocket rail, an
         ISIL bunker and an ISIL artillery piece.

     Near Habbaniyah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical destroying an ISIL rocket
         launcher, two ISIL vehicles and an ISIL boat.

     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL rocket position.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Ramadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL structure.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying two ISIL vehicles

         and four ISIL buildings.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL tunnel.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
