                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 December 03, 2015
 Release # 20151203-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Dec. 2, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
 Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 14 strikes using attack, fighter, and
 remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 18 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, and remotely
 piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL check point.
     Near Abu Kamal, three strikes struck three ISIL oil field well heads.
     Near Al Hasakah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL buildings

         and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ayn Isa, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed five ISIL buildings and an

         ISIL vehicle.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, six strikes struck six ISIL oil field well heads.
     Near Mar'a, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL tactical

         vehicle, denied an ISIL tactical vehicle movement, and wounded eight ISIL fighters.

Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles and
         two ISIL heavy machine guns.

     Near Fallujah, one strike struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Mosul, two strikes destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, eight strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         tunnel, three ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive devices (VBIED), nine ISIL fighting
         positions, two ISIL light machine gun positions, three ISIL heavy machine gun positions, an
         ISIL recoilless rifle, an ISIL tactical vehicle and denied ISIL access to terrain.
     Near Sinjar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun
         and two ISIL fighting positions.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                     COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

    Near Sultan Abdallah, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an
       ISIL fighting position.

    Near Hit, one strike destroyed an ISIL-used bridge.
    Near Tal Afar, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL

       weapons storage facility, and wounded an ISIL fighter.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                    COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
