                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 25, 2015
 Release # 20151125-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 24, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five strikes using fighter and
 remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 18 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, and
 remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         fighting position.

     Near Ayn Isa, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Mar'a, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

Iraq

     Near Bayji, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun
         and an ISIL building.

     Near Fallujah, one strike destroyed an ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive device
         (VBIED).

     Near Kisik, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position and suppressed an ISIL mortar
         position.

     Near Makhmur, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position,

         an ISIL building, and suppressed an ISIL rocket position.
     Near Qayyarah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Ramadi, six strikes struck five separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

         fighting positions, an ISIL sniper position, two ISIL heavy machine guns, an ISIL home-made
         explosives (HME) cache, five ISIL weapons caches, an ISIL building, and wounded two ISIL
         fighters.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                             COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

    Near Sinjar, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL vehicle
       and five ISIL bunkers.

    Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting
       positions.

    Near Tal Afar, one strike struck an ISIL headquarters.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
