                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 23, 2015
Release # 20150323
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 22, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct eight airstrikes. Separately in
Iraq, Coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of
Defense, using fighter aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m.,
March 22, and 8 a.m., March 23, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:
         Syria

     Near Kobani, eight airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units and destroyed 12 ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq
     Near Mosul, an airstrike destroyed two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Ramadi, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Rawah, an airstrike struck an ISIL trailer.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL staging area and an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
