                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 26, 2015
Release # 20150826
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 25, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted two airstrikes using remotely
piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 18 airstrikes coordinated
with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Ayn Isa, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and terrain features denying ISIL a
         tactical advantage.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL mortar resupply vehicle.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

         buildings and an ISIL mortar system.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL mortar firing

         position and destroyed three ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery
         piece.
     Near Tuz, seven airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, multiple ISIL fighting positions
         and terrain features denying ISIL a tactical advantage and destroyed 12 ISIL fighting
         positions, two ISIL vehicles an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL weapons cache.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
