                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 16, 2015
Release # 20150316
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 15, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using fighter, attack and bomber aircraft to conduct five airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and
Coalition military forces conducted 12 airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter, bomber and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 15,
and 8 a.m., March 16, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL excavator and
         destroyed an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL machine gun.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Hawayjah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         weapons cache.

     Near Fallujah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Haditha two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Hit in Al Anbar Province, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL IED factory and destroyed two ISIL

         excavators, three ISIL vehicles and an ISIL bull dozer.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL building, an ISIL

         sniper and destroyed an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL excavator and an ISIL front end
         loader.
     Near Rawah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL excavators and destroyed an ISIL front end
         loader and an ISIL excavator.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
