                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 16, 2015
Release # 20150916
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 15, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using fighter-
attack and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 11
airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Mar'a, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Abu Kamal, two airstrikes struck two ISIL oil field wellheads.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one airstrike destroyed three ISIL rocket rails.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical units, and

         destroyed three ISIL vehicles.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL rockets.
     Near Hit, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun and 12 ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL motor

         tube and three ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Sultan Abdallah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         fighting position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                         -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
