                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 11, 2015
Release # 201510011-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 10, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven strikes using fighter, bomber,
and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17 strikes
coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

              Near Al Hasakah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL
                  buildings.

              Near Al Hawl, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
                  building.

              Near Ar Raqqah, one strike destroyed an ISIL tactical vehicle.
              Near Manbij, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

                  building.
              Near Palmyra, one strike destroyed an ISIL front end loader and an ISIL

                  excavator.
              Near Dayr Az Zawr, one strike destroyed an ISIL crude oil collection point.
              Near Washiya, one strike destroyed an ISIL vehicle-borne improvised explosive

                  device (VBIED).

         Iraq

              Near Al Huwayjah, one strike suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
              Near Bayji, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL VBIED.
              Near Fallujah, one strike destroyed an ISIL building and an ISIL anti-air artillery

                  piece.
              Near Habbaniyah, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

                  heavy machine gun, an ISIL building, an ISIL rocket rail, and wounded an ISIL
                  fighter.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

              Near Kirkuk, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL heavy
                  machine gun.

              Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
                  position.

              Near Ramadi, four strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
                  mortar system, an ISIL up-armored VBIED, three VBIEDs, three home-made
                  explosive facilities, four ISIL buildings, and denied ISIL access to tactical terrain.

              Near Sinjar, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed
                  four ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL light machine gun.

              Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an
                  ISIL vehicle.

              Near, Tal Afar, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed
                  three ISIL bunkers, three ISIL fighting positions, and wounded two ISIL fighters.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations
which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
