                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 15, 2015
Release # 20150515
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 14, and 8 a.m., May 15, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted 12 airstrikes using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in
Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 12 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense
using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

      "Daesh targets were again struck near Al Hasakah, Syria," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-
OIR chief of public affairs. "These strikes continue to take their toll against Daesh terrorists
there."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, six airstrikes struck one large and four small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying five ISIL fighting positions and two ISIL vehicles.

     Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck multiple fighting positons.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL tank.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and multiple ISIL structures,
         destroying two ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL fighting
         positions, an ISIL building and an ISIL structure.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL headquarters.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike destroyed three ISIL buildings and three ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL heavy machine gun firing position,

         destroying an ISIL mortar system.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
