                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 20, 2015
Release # 20150320
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 19, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using bomber aircraft to conduct an airstrike. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military
forces conducted seven airstrikes in Iraq, using attack and fighter aircraft against ISIL terrorists.
All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 19, and 8 a.m., March 20, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:
         Syria
     Near Kobani, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL vehicle.
         Iraq
     Near Al Hawayjah, an airstrike struck an ISIL IED factory.
     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL weapons assembly area.
     Near Haditha, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL rocket site, an ISIL heavy
         machine gun and destroyed seven ISIL fighting positions and two ISIL excavators.
         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
