                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 17, 2015
Release # 20150717
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 16, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 14 airstrikes using bomber,
fighter-attack, and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 12 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using bomber, attack, fighter-
attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "The airstrikes conducted in the past 24 hours continue to destroy Daesh's capability to
conduct terrorist attacks in the region," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public
affairs. "Coalition airstrikes are degrading Daesh's ability to maintain territory in the region."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, nine airstrikes struck seven ISIL tactical units and destroyed six ISIL
         fighting positions, three ISIL vehicles, an ISIL structure and an ISIL VBIED.

     Near Ar Raqqah, three airstrikes destroyed an ISIL excavator, three ISIL bridges and an
         ISIL T-wall.

     Near Tal Abyad, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tank and destroyed an ISIL sniper position and
         four ISIL buildings.

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         building.

     Near Haditha, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL VBIED, an ISIL boat and an ISIL barge.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL technical

         vehicle, an ISIL mortar tube, two ISIL buildings and an ISIL bunker.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL up-

         armored HMMWV.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL rocket position and

         destroyed an ISIL technical vehicle, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL building.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
    Combined Joint Task Force

                 Operation Inherent Resolve
                                 -30-

                 For additional information contact:
                       CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

         COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
  COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                     https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
             https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
