                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

January 5, 2015
Release # 2015005
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

         Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA - U.S. and partner nation military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, Jan. 4, using fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct 14 airstrikes.
Separately, U.S. and partner nation military forces conducted six airstrikes in Iraq, Jan.
4, using fighter aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., Jan.
4, and 8 a.m., Jan. 5, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

      Near Kobani, eight airstrikes struck two large ISIL units and an ISIL fighting
         position and destroyed 11 ISIL fighting positions.

      Near Dawr az Zawr, six airstrikes struck five ISIL crude oil collection points and
         an ISIL crude oil pipeline and destroyed two ISIL armored vehicles and an ISIL
         shipping container.

         Iraq

     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck a large ISIL unit.
     Near Al Qaim, two airstrikes destroyed two ISIL excavators.
     Near Ramadi, an airstrike struck a large ISIL unit.
     Near Al Asad, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three

         ISIL vehicles.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region and the
wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further
limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition
nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada,
Denmark, France, Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations conducting
airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab
Emirates.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
