                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 11, 2015
Release # 20150311
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 10, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using fighter aircraft to conduct two airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition
military forces conducted 13 airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft
against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 10, and 8 a.m., March 11,
local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck multiple ISIL oil pump jacks.
     Near Kobani, an airstrike destroyed two ISIL vehicles.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, three airstrikes struck an ISIL artillery piece and destroyed two ISIL
         buildings and an ISIL artillery piece.

     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes destroyed three ISIL vehicles.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun.
     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL outpost and destroyed an

         ISIL armored vehicle.
     Near Rawah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
