                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 17, 2015
Release # 20150617
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 16. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted four airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes
approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter, bomber and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "As part of our campaign, Daesh is being systematically removed from the battlefield," said
Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Coalition aviation, combined with
ground force maneuver, forms an accelerant for these activities."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL antenna
         arrays and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL resupply vehicle and an ISIL weapons
         cache.

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL armored vehicles.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar firing positon,

         destroying an ISIL structure.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL heavy

         machine guns, three ISIL fighting positons, three ISIL tunnel entrances, an ISIL structure
         and an ISIL rocket propelled grenade.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

     The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
