                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

January 28, 2015
Release # 20150128
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Jan. 27, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using bomber, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct 13
airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes in Iraq,
using attack, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took
place between 8 a.m., Jan. 27, and 8 a.m., Jan. 28, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, 13 airstrikes struck 12 ISIL tactical units and an ISIL vehicle, and
         destroyed nine ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL staging area, and three ISIL
         buildings.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
         buildings.

     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL checkpoint, six ISIL shipping

         containers, and four ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck a large ISIL unit and destroyed six ISIL buildings

         and an ISIL heavy weapon.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike struck a large ISIL unit and destroyed four ISIL

         vehicles.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations
conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the
United Arab Emirates.

                                                             -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
