                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 9, 2015
Release # 20150209
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 8, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct three airstrikes.
Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes in Iraq, using
fighter, attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place
between 8 a.m., Feb. 8, and 8 a.m., Feb. 9, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL armored vehicle.
     Near Kobani, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Dayr az Zawr, an airstrike destroyed four ISIL vehicles and neutralized four

         ISIL vehicles.

         Iraq

     Near Fallujah, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         vehicle and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and an ISIL tactical
         unit.

     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL earth
         mover, an ISIL building and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike denied the ISIL terrain.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike struck an ISIL fighting position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition
nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
