                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 4, 2015
Release # 20150904
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 3, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes using attack, fighter
and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 15 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

         "Yesterday, the coalition struck and eliminated Daesh terrorists, along with weapon
systems, in the vicinity of Tuz," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR public affairs officer. "The
coalition continues to assist Peshmerga fighters to clear Daesh terrorists from the area, free the
local people and reestablish local governance."

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes destroyed two ISIL excavators.
     Near Ar Raqqah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         vehicles.
     Near Mar'a, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL staging

         area.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL rocket firing position.
     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         building, an ISIL mortar system and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Haditha, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         buildings and an ISIL excavator.
     Near Hit, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL anti-aircraft

         artillery piece and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
         vehicles.

     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL mortar firing position and an ISIL rocket firing
         position and destroyed two ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL command and control
         facility.

     Near Tuz, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 10 ISIL rockets and an
         ISIL vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
