                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

January 6, 2015
Release # 2015006
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

         Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA - U.S. and partner nation military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, Jan. 5, using fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct 10 airstrikes.
Separately, U.S. and partner nation military forces conducted two airstrikes in Iraq, Jan.
5, using remotely piloted and attack aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place
between 8 a.m., Jan. 5, and 8 a.m., Jan. 6, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, eight airstrikes destroyed 13 ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL
         building and damaged an ISIL building.

     Near Dawr az Zawr, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL bunker.
     Near Ar Raqqah, an airstrike destroyed two ISIL tanks.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL bunker.
     Near Al Asad, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL armored vehicle

         and an ISIL vehicle and damaged an ISIL vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region and the
wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further
limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition
nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada,
Denmark, France, Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations conducting
airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab
Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
