                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 30, 2015
Release # 20150530
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 29, and 8 a.m., May 30, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted six airstrikes using attack, bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition
military forces conducted 16 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack,
fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "Daesh defensive positions and capabilities remain in the Coalition's sights," said Col.
Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "The overwhelming majority of Daesh
terrorists are defensively oriented, protecting gains and preparing to be attacked."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL
         fighting positions, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL mortar system.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying an ISIL
         vehicle.

     Near Kobani, one airstrike destroyed three ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, two airstrikes struck three ISIL command and control facilities.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL mortar system

         and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Hit, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL flatbed truck and an ISIL armored personnel

         carrier.
     Near Kirkuk, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL mortar

         systems and two ISIL buildings.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL fighting

         position, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL staging area,

         destroying three ISIL heavy machine guns, three ISIL buildings and an ISIL mortar
         system.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL heavy
         machine guns, two ISIL mortar systems and an ISIL fighting position.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
     The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                          -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
