                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 21, 2015
Release # 20150921
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sept. 20, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five airstrikes using fighter and
bomber aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 22 airstrikes coordinated
with the government of Iraq using, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft
against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL armored personnel carrier.
     Near Al Hawl, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building

         and an ISIL rocket launcher.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         checkpoints.
     Near Mar'a, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL mortar.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huawayjah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         vehicle.

     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
         buildings.

     Near Habbaniya, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed two ISIL buildings,
         an ISIL mortar system, an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery piece, and an ISIL technical vehicle.

     Near Kisik, four airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         fighting positions, an ISIL light machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Mosul, nine airstrikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit, three ISIL tactical units and
         destroyed five ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL VBIED facility, an ISIL bunker, an ISIL
         heavy machine gun, an ISIL building, an ISIL C2 node and wounded an ISIL fighter.

     Near Qayyarah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL homemade explosive chache, an ISIL

         vehicle and ISIL mortar system.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike destroyed eight ISIL bunkers and suppressed two ISIL

         mortar positions.

                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

         Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
