                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

January 25, 2015
Release # 2015025
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Jan. 24, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using bomber, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct 15
airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted 19 airstrikes in Iraq,
using attack, bomber, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All
strikes took place between 8 a.m., Jan. 24, and 8 a.m., Jan. 25, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, 13 airstrikes struck eight ISIL tactical units, two large ISIL units,
         and an ISIL fighting position, and destroyed 20 ISIL fighting positions and two
         ISIL vehicles.

     Near Idlib, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike destroyed two ISIL shipping containers and two

         ISIL bunkers.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         checkpoint.

     Near Haditha, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL weapons cache.
     Near Huwayjah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Mahkmur, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and three large ISIL

         units and destroyed two ISIL buildings and an ISIL heavy weapon.
     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, a large ISIL unit, and an

         ISIL vehicle, and destroyed an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL building, an ISIL mortar
         system, an ISIL weapons storage facility, and an ISIL structure.
     Near Ramadi, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         structure and an ISIL mortar firing position.
     Near Samarra, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL VBIED production facility.
     Near Tal Afar, five airstrikes struck two large ISIL units and two ISIL tactical units
         and destroyed three ISIL buildings, an ISIL rocket system, an ISIL VBIED, four
         ISIL vehicles, an ISIL heavy weapon, and an ISIL armored vehicle.

                                                      -more-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
2-2-2

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations
conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the
United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
