                         Combined Joint Task Force

                                                  Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                          APO AE 09306

October 29, 2015
Release # 20151029-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 28, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 13 strikes coordinated with and in
support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, and attack aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, two strikes struck two separate ISIL weapons and staging areas.
     Near Mosul, one strike destroyed an ISIL artillery piece.
     Near Ramadi, two strikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL recoilless

         rifle, two ISIL rocket rails, eight ISIL boats, two ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL heavy
         machine gun, suppressed an ISIL heavy machine gun, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
     Near Sinjar, three strikes destroyed 33 ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Sultan Abdallah, two strikes destroyed an ISIL fighting position and suppressed an
         ISIL mortar position.
     Near Tal Afar, three strikes suppressed two ISIL mortar positions and an ISIL heavy
         machine gun position.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
