                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 28, 2015
Release # 20150428
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 27, and 8 a.m., April 28, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted four airstrikes using attack and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, Coalition
military forces conducted 16 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL fighting positions, destroying an ISIL
         armored vehicle.

     Near Kobani, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL staging areas.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL fighting

         positions, two ISIL warehouses and an ISIL motorcycle.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL fighting

         positions, two ISIL VBIEDs, an ISIL mortar system and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and two ISIL checkpoints,

         destroying two ISIL excavators, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building and an

         ISIL fighting position.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL

         excavator, an ISIL building and an ISIL machine gun.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
