                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 30, 2015
Release # 20150430
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 29, and 8 a.m., April 30, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted six airstrikes using attack, bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq,
Coalition military forces conducted 15 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using
attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

      "The coalition remains undistracted in the execution of the mission, said Brig. Gen.
Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR Chief of Staff. "Our focus continues to be dismantling and
defeating Daesh."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Ar Raqqah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL fighting position, destroying an ISIL

         building and an ISIL trench system.
     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying four ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL armored vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL weapon system.
     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck an ISIL large and three small tactical units, destroying

         three ISIL vehicles and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Fallujah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL staging area,

         destroying an ISIL building and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL fighting

         position and an ISIL structure.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL building and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL

         excavators, an ISIL building and an ISIL fighting position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
    Combined Joint Task Force

                 Operation Inherent Resolve

                 For additional information contact:
                       CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

         COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
  COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                     https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
             https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
