                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 15, 2015
Release # 20150715
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 14, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 16 airstrikes using attack, bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17
airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter-attack and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "In the past 48 hours, coalition airstrikes hit five Vehicle-Borne IEDs and a factory
producing these weapons in Ramadi," said Lt. Col. Thomas Gilleran, CJTF-OIR spokesman.
"Removing these weapons from the battlefield is a high priority for the coalition. VBIEDs pose a
threat to the ISF and the citizens in the areas where Daesh employs them."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, six airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and five ISIL tactical
         units destroying two ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL bunker, an ISIL tunnel entrance, an
         ISIL VBIED, an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery weapon, an ISIL artillery piece and two ISIL
         checkpoints.

     Near Aleppo, six airstrikes struck 27 ISIL staging areas.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Tal Abyad, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL

         fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         vehicle.

     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit destroying an ISIL anti-aircraft
         artillery weapon and an ISIL mortar.

     Near Kirkuk, four airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL tactical unit, and
         seven ISIL staging areas and destroyed seven ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and suppressed ISIL mortar fire
         destroying an ISIL heavy machine gun, two ISIL buildings and an ISIL vehicle.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit destroying an ISIL
         VBIED, four ISIL vehicles and five ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL heavy machine gun
         and destroyed two ISIL fighting positions.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
