                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 11, 2015
Release # 20150711
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 10, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 17 airstrikes using bomber, fighter
and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17 airstrikes
approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter-attack and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Coalition airstrikes targeted 20 Daesh units yesterday in Iraq and Syria," said Brig. Gen.
Kevin Killea, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "These strikes have significantly degraded Daesh's
capacity to conduct operations, have put them on the defensive in most areas, and have enhanced
the tactical advantage of ISF and VSO forces.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, 12 airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and nine ISIL tactical
         units destroying four ISIL vehicles, 11 ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL resupply
         positions and an ISIL excavator.

     Near Ar Raqqah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL structure and
         destroyed an ISIL excavator.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units destroying an ISIL vehicle an
         ISIL mortar position, five ISIL bunkers and an ISIL fighting position.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, one airstrike destroyed one ISIL vehicle.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit destroying an ISIL vehicle and an

         ISIL recoilless rifle.
     Near Habbaniyah, four airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units and two ISIL tactical

         units destroying an ISIL excavator, two ISIL vehicles, six ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL
         boat, two ISIL mortar systems and an ISIL armored personnel carrier.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Makhmur, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL rocket position and 11
         ISIL staging areas and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL buildings.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL heavy machine gun
         position and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
