                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 1, 2015
Release # 20150801
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 31, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 11 airstrikes using fighter-attack,
attack, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 19 airstrikes coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter-attack,
bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

         Coalition forces conducted an airstrike today to successfully destroy an ISIL staging area
facility near Mosul, Iraq.

     "By destroying staging areas like this one, we diminish Daesh's ability to conduct their
terror operations in this region," said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, CJTF, Chief of Staff. "Inevitably,
these weapons and supplies find themselves in the hands of ISIL terrorists combating the ISF and
terrorizing civilians."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, five airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical unit and three ISIL small
         tactical units and destroyed four ISIL motorcycles and an ISIL resupply area.

     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, two airstrikes destroyed two ISIL buildings and two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units and destroyed four ISIL

         fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL recoilless rifle.
     Near Haditha, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL sniper

         position.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Mosul, six airstrikes struck five ISIL staging areas and destroyed three ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Ramadi, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position, an ISIL mortar system, three ISIL vehicles and ISIL IED materials.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and two ISIL light machine gun

         positions and destroyed an ISIL light machine gun and three ISIL fighting positions.
                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL light
         machine gun and an ISIL fighting position.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
