                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 3, 2015
Release # 20150703
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq July 2. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes using bomber and fighter
aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 15 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi
Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL
terrorists.

   "The Coalition maintains pressure on Daesh across the battlespace," said Brig. Gen. Thomas
Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "The cumulative effects of this pressure, over time, will
enable the Coalition end state: the defeat of Daesh."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, six airstrikes struck one large and three small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying two ISIL vehicles, three ISIL structures, an ISIL building, five ISIL fighting
         positions, an ISIL bunker and an ISIL motorcycle.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike had inconclusive results.
     Near Tal Abyad, two airstrikes destroyed two ISIL fighting positons.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying an ISIL
         vehicle.

     Near Bayji, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL bunkers.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tunnel systems and an ISIL tunnel entrance.
     Near Haditha, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL bunkers,

         two ISIL vehicles, and an ISIL rocket system.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL checkpoint, destroying

         an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Rawah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL buildings

         and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL building,

         an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
