                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 20, 2015
 Release # 20151120-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 19, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 20 strikes coordinated with and in
 support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, attack, ground-attack, fighter, and remotely
 piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Iraq

       Near Bayji, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
       Near Fallujah, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

           anti-air artillery pieces, two ISIL heavy machine guns, and two ISIL buildings.
       Near Kisik, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL light

           machine guns, four ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles, two ISIL supply caches, and
           an ISIL bunker.
       Near Mosul, one strike struck an ISIL weapons vehicle borne improvised explosive device
           manufacturing facility.
       Near Qayyarah, three strikes struck two ISIL gas and oil separation plants and an ISIL
           petroleum refinement facility.
       Near Ramadi, five strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
           fighting positions, an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL boat, an ISIL VBIED, two ISIL staging areas,
           damaged an ISIL headquarters building, suppressed an ISIL VBIED, and denied ISIL access
           to terrain.
       Near Sinjar, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
           fighting position and an ISIL vehicle.
       Near Tal Afar, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building and an
           ISIL light machine gun.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                             COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
