                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 22, 2015
Release # 20150922
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sept. 21, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes using fighter,
fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 16 airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using, bomber, fighter, fighter-
attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:
         Syria

     Near Al Hawl, five airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position, an ISIL cache, two ISIL motorcycles, and an ISIL bunker.

     Near Mar'a, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed an ISIL vehicle, and
         wounded an ISIL fighter.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL buildings
         and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy
         machine gun and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Kisik, one airstrike suppressed an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck separate ISIL tactical units, and destroyed an ISIL

         heavy machine gun, an ISIL bunker, an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL command and control node,
         and suppressed an ISIL rocket position.
     Near Qayyarah, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroyed two ISIL
         vehicles, an ISIL checkpoint, and wounded an ISIL fighter.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         vehicle, three ISIL buildings, and an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL fighting
         positions and an ISIL cache.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

         Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
