                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 4, 2015
Release # 20150504
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

        Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Iraq
between 8 a.m., May 3, and 8 a.m., May 4, local time. In Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 22 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber, fighter
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "In support of the government of Iraq, the coalition continues to make progress against
Daesh in the region by striking military resources such as caches and weapon systems," said
Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     CJTF-OIR conducted no airstrikes in Syria between 8 a.m., May 3, and 8 a.m., May 4,
         local time.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL
         excavators.

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL staging areas.
     Near Al Qaim, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Bayji, eight airstrikes struck one large and five small ISIL tactical units, destroying

         five ISIL fighting positions, three ISIL buildings, an ISIL command and control facility,
         an ISIL mortar system, and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying five ISIL fighting
         positions and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, an airstrike destroyed four ISIL caches.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL buildings and
         two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and two ISIL fighting positions,
         destroying an ISIL excavator.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
