                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 14, 2015
Release # 20150314
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 13, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct two airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition
military forces conducted eight airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 13, and 8 a.m.,
March 14, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck one ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike struck one ISIL tactical unit and destroyed one ISIL

         fighting position.

Iraq

     Near Kirkuk, four airstrikes struck one large ISIL unit and two ISIL tactical units and
         destroyed four buildings, three ISIL machine guns, and three ISIL vehicles.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck one tactical unit, destroyed two ISIL vehicles and one
         structure.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike neutralized an ISIL rocket tube.
     Near Rawah, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL vehicles.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
