                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 1, 2015
Release # 20150901
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 31, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes using bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 13
airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, fighter, fighter-attack, bomber
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hawl, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed eight ISIL
         fighting positions.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL training camp and
         destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Mar'a, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL road grader and
         destroyed an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL front end loader.

     Near Washiyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed three
         ISIL buildings and an ISIL VBIED.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL
         vehicles and an ISIL weapons cache.

     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL
         VBIEDs.

     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy
         machine gun.

     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL
         fighting positions an ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL light machine gun and an ISIL
         mortar tube.

     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck three ISIL staging areas
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
