         Combined Joint Task Force

                 Operation Inherent Resolve
                          APO AE 09306

November 11, 2015
Release # 20151111-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 10, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 11 strikes using bomber, fighter,
attack, and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17
strikes coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

        Near Al Hasakah, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle
        borne improvised explosive device (VBIED) and an ISIL staging area.
        Near Al Hawl, five strikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed eight ISIL
        fighting positions, an ISIL building, and an ISIL VBIED.
        Near Dayr Az Zawr, two strikes struck an ISIL gas oil separation plant and destroyed three
         ISIL front end loaders and damaged two ISIL cranes.
Iraq     Near Mar'a, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
         Near Palmyra, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL tactical vehicle
         and damaged a separate ISIL vehicle.

 Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
 Near Mosul, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
 Near Ramadi, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

    vehicles, an ISIL excavator, two ISIL heavy machine guns, two ISIL buildings, and an ISIL

    23mm anti-aircraft artillery piece.
 Near Sinjar, six strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed eight ISIL

    fighting positions, two ISIL command and control nodes, three ISIL vehicles, and 18 ISIL

    staging areas.
 Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
 Near Al Huwayjah, four strikes struck an ISIL headquarters, an ISIL weapons cache, an

    ISIL logistical facility, and an ISIL security headquarters.

                                               -MORE-

                        For additional information contact:
                              CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
         COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                            https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                       https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

      Near Albu Hayat, one strike struck a large ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed two ISIL
          buildings, three ISIL weapons caches, and three ISIL fighting positions.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
