                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 13, 2015
Release # 20150213.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 12, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using attack, fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct eight
airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes in
Iraq, using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes
took place between 8 a.m., Feb. 12, and 8 a.m., Feb. 13, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Raqqah, two airstrikes struck seven ISIL armored vehicles and destroyed
         four ISIL armored vehicles.

     Near Kobani, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL
         fighting positions, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL staging position.

     Near Dayr az Zawr, an airstrike struck and destroyed multiple ISIL storage and
         staging facilities.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, five airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         VBIED, an ISIL checkpoint and an ISIL armored earth mover.

     Near Mosul, an airstrike destroyed three ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL

         buildings.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition
nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
