                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 27, 2015
Release # 20150727
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 26, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 13 airstrikes using fighter, bomber
and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 13 airstrikes
coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter-attack, bomber and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Coalition forces continue to support ISF operations to isolate and degrade ISIL and set
conditions for the liberation of Anbar Province," said Col. Michael Indovina, CJTF-OIR
Spokesman. "Coalition airstrikes will likely increase to a posture that adequately supports ISF
strike requirements in and around the Anbar capital. Yesterday was the largest amount of
airstrike support we have provided since the operation began. We will continue to support our
Iraqi partners as they work to push ISIL out of Anbar Province and the rest of their country."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, 10 airstrikes struck four ISIL large tactical units and five ISIL small
         tactical units and destroyed 15 ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar system and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position, an ISIL motorcycle and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL bunker.
     Near Ar Rutbah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         structure.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         fighting positions.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL tank.
     Near Ramadi, four airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and three ISIL small

         tactical units and destroyed an ISIL excavator, 13 ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL rocket
         propelled grenade and an ISIL structure.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL staging area and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
