                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 4, 2015
Release # 20150704
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq July 3. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 14 airstrikes using bomber, attack and
fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes approved by
the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL
terrorists.

   "Professional coalition aircrews continue to destroy Daesh terrorists throughout Iraq and
Syria," said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Their patience, precision and
resolve are the impetus for positive change in the battlespace."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, six airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL
         vehicles, two ISIL structures, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL excavator.

     Near Aleppo, four airstrikes struck four ISIL staging areas.
     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying seven ISIL fighting

         positons and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Abyad, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL anti-

         aircraft artillery, an ISIL fighting position and two ISIL bunkers.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL heavy

         machine gun and an ISIL building.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle, an

         ISIL building and an ISIL tunnel.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL buildings, an

         ISIL cache and an ISIL light machine gun.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
