                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 5, 2015
Release # 20150605
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., June 4, and 8 a.m., June 5, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted four airstrikes using bomber, attack and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition
military forces conducted 15 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using bomber,
attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    "The coalition is committed to degrading and defeating Daesh by, with, and through our
regional partners," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL vehicle,
         destroying two ISIL trucks.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, two airstrikes struck an ISIL modular oil refinery and an ISIL crude
         oil collection point.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying four ISIL structures
         and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Bayji, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and land features denying ISIL a
         tactical advantage, destroying two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL excavator and an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL crossing point.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building, an

         ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL buildings,

         an ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL mortar system and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL building and two ISIL

         fighting positions, destroying an ISIL heavy machine gun.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
