                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 28, 2015
Release # 20150628
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 27. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 17 airstrikes using attack, bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 10
airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "Coalition airstrikes routinely deprive Daesh of key combat capabilities, which creates
opportunities for our partners on the ground," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of
public affairs. "These opportunities allow our partners in Iraq and Syria to be successful against
these terrorists."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Aleppo, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL staging area,
         destroying five ISIL excavators, two ISIL fighting positions, an artillery piece and a
         mortar system.

     Near Kobani, nine airstrikes struck three large and five small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying 10 ISIL vehicles, four ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL armored vehicle.

     Near Tal Abyad, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL tanks
         and an ISIL fighting position.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage,
         destroying an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery piece and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Habbaniyah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL mortar

         system and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building and

         an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL buildings, an

         ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL rocket propelled grenade.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL heavy machine gun

         position, destroying two ISIL buildings, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL
         weapons cache.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
