                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 10, 2015
Release # 20150610
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 9. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five airstrikes using bomber and fighter
aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi
Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    "Coalition Combat Air Patrols (CAPs) are airborne continuously over the operations area,
providing rapid, flexible and lethal fires to our partners engaged in the fight against Daesh," said
Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Having armed aircraft airborne and ready
to strike in synchronization with ground force maneuver or Daesh observed activities on a
nonlinear battlefield, is a key component of the Campaign's successes to date."

      The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Ar Raqqah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL

         fighting positions and an ISIL armored vehicle.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL crude oil collection point.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL resupply vehicle.
     Near Bayji, five airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL vehicles,

         an ISIL building and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar system,

         destroying an ISIL building and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar system,

         destroying an ISIL building, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike truck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL mortar firing position

         and an ISIL building, destroying five ISIL buildings, an ISIL VBIED, an ISIL heavy
         machine gun and an an ISIL rocket propelled grenade cache.
     Near Tal Afar, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, two ISIL mortar systems, an
         ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL rocket firing position, destroying three ISIL
         buildings, an ISIL rocket and an ISIL tunnel system.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
    Combined Joint Task Force

                 Operation Inherent Resolve
                                 -30-

                 For additional information contact:
                       CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

         COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
  COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                     https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
             https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
