                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 22, 2015
Release # 20150422
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 21, and 8 a.m., April 22, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted seven airstrikes using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately
in Iraq, Coalition military forces conducted 11 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of
Defense using fighter, attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "The Coalition continues to provide exceptional support to our partners in Iraq and Syria,"
said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR Chief of Staff. "These strikes are achieving a
significant effect on Daesh's ability to move, assemble, communicate and conduct operations.
We will continue to hit Daesh forces and military equipment wherever they present themselves
across the battlespace."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying five ISIL fighting
         positions and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Kobani, six airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units, destroying 14 ISIL fighting
         positions and ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL command and control
         facility, destroying an ISIL dump truck, an ISIL motorcycle, an ISIL armored vehicle and
         an ISIL artillery piece.

     Near Fallujah, an airstrike destroyed two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck an ISIL large and two small tactical units, destroying

         two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Rawah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large and small tactical unit, destroying three

         ISIL buildings, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
