                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 6, 2015
Release # 20150606
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., June 5, and 8 a.m., June 6, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted seven airstrikes using bomber, attack and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition
military forces conducted 14 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    "The Coalition targeting process minimizes collateral damage and maximizes precise effects
on Daesh," said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Air crews are making
smart decisions and applying tactical patience every day."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck two large and two small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying six ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL armored vehicle and an
         ISIL armored personnel carrier.

     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL fighting
         positions, an ISIL vehicle, two ISIL anti-tank weapons and ISIL IED manufacturing
         material.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL motorcycle.
     Near Bayji, three airstrikes destroyed two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL VBIED and an ISIL

         armored vehicle.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying an ISIL

         vehicle and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL armored vehicle.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL mortar

         position, destroying an ISIL weapons cache.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL staging area,

         destroying three ISIL buildings, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL IED.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL sniper position, destroying an ISIL vehicle.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
