                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 18, 2015
Release # 20150918
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 17, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five airstrike using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using, fighter, fighter-attack and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Ar Hasakah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL cache,
         three ISIL fighting positions and one ISIL motorcycle.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         checkpoint.

     Near Manbij, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle and
         an ISIL mortar tube.

     Near Mar'a, one airstrike struck a large ISIL tactical unit.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike with inconclusive results.
     Near Baji, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed one ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions, one ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Rawah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and one ISIL excavator.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                         -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
