                         Combined Joint Task Force

                                                  Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                          APO AE 09306

October 25, 2015
Release # 20151025-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 24, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria
and Iraq. In Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 22 strikes coordinated with and in support of the
Government of Iraq using fighter, attack, bomber, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Iraq

            Near Bayji, one strike struck a large ISIL tactical unit.
            Near Fallujah, one strike destroyed five ISIL rocket rails.
            Near Kisik, eight strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

                fighting positions, four separate ISIL staging areas, and suppressed an ISIL mortar position
                and an ISIL heavy machine gun position.
            Near Mosul, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
                fighting position, an ISIL heavy machine gun, and an ISIL vehicle.
            Near Ramadi, five strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed ten ISIL
                fighting positions, two ISIL sniper positions, an ISIL vehicle, and an ISIL weapons cache,
                and denied ISIL access to tactical terrain.
            Near Sinjar, five strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 16 ISIL fighting positions,
                seven ISIL assembly areas, and an ISIL cache.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the ISIL
terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror and
conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition
nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
