                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 24, 2015
Release # 20150524
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 23, and 8 a.m., May 24, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted 11 airstrikes using attack, bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition
military forces conducted 17 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack,
bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

"The Coalition is continuing to target Daesh support zones throughout the battlespace," said Col.
Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR Chief of Public Affairs. "Striking explosives and weapons
manufacturing facilities will advance the pressure on Daesh military capacity."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, nine airstrikes struck two large and three small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying eight ISIL fighting positions, four ISIL vehicles, an ISIL tank and an ISIL
         armored vehicle.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL fighting
         position.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Al Qaim, two airstrikes struck an ISIL homemade explosive manufacturing facility,

         destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL buildings

         and two ISIL heavy machine guns.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL weapons

         manufacturing facility and an ISIL defensive position, destroying an ISIL heavy machine
         gun, an ISIL building and an ISIL tank.
     Near Ramadi, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL artillery
         piece, an ISIL armored personnel carrier, an ISIL armored vehicle, and 15 armored
         vehicles, two armored personnel carriers and two other support vehicles located in ISIL
         controlled territory.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL buildings, an
         ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL mortar system and an ISIL artillery piece.
     Near Tal Afar, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL mortar position,
         destroying three ISIL heavy machine guns and four ISIL fighting positions.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.
Follow-up to Previous Strike Report
    Near Tawama, Syria, on May 20 coalition military forces conducted two airstrikes using
fighter aircraft against a headquarters and training area of a network of veteran al Qaida
operatives, sometimes called the "Khorasan Group," who are plotting external attacks against the
United States and our allies. The airstrikes destroyed 10 buildings in two separate compounds.
There were no observed women, children or non-combatants in the compounds at the time of the
strike.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
