                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 2, 2015
Release # 20151002-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 1, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight strikes using fighter, bomber,
and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 20 strikes
coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, fighter-
attack, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

        Syria

     Near AL Hasakah, six strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and an ISIL crude oil
         collection point and destroyed an ISIL excavator, an ISIL building, and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Palmyra, one strike destroyed an ISIL tactical vehicle.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         vehicles, and ISIL two anti-air artillery platforms.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, six strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an
         ISIL ammunition cache, an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL VBIED assembly area, and an ISIL
         mortar system.

     Near Albu Hayat, one strike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Bayji, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 17 ISIL tactical fighting

         positions and wounded an ISIL fighter.
     Near Kirkuk, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         fighting position.
     Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL rocket.
     Near Ramadi, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL command and control node.
     Near Mosul, one strike destroyed an ISIL tactical vehicle.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

     Near Sinjar, four strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         fighting positions and one ISIL vehicle.

     Near Tal Afar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
         Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the
United States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia,
Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
