                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

January 27, 2015
Release # 20150127
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Jan. 26, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using attack, bomber, and fighter, aircraft to conduct three
airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes in
Iraq, using attack, bomber, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.
All strikes took place between 8 a.m., Jan. 26, and 8 a.m., Jan. 27, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL staging position and two ISIL tactical
         units.

     Near Dayr az Zawr, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL shipping container.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike denied ISIL use of key terrain.
     Near Fallujah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL IED assembly and ammo storage

         facility.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL road and an ISIL tactical unit and

         destroyed two ISIL armored vehicles and ISIL construction equipment.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         vehicles.
     Near Mahkmur, an airstrike destroyed ISIL engineer equipment.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations
conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the
United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
