                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 29, 2015
Release # 20150529
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 28, and 8 a.m., May 29, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted four airstrikes using bomber, and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military
forces conducted 20 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter,
bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "The Coalition strikes Daesh with extreme precision," said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley,
CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "The efficient application of weapons, the weapon-to-target-to-effect
match and a proven Coalition strike process has combined to produce devastating effects on
Daesh while at the same time gaining and maintain the trust of our partners on the ground."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL
         supply cache, an ISIL weapons cache and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Kobani, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, three airstrikes struck an ISIL fighting positon and land features denying
         ISIL a tactical advantage.

     Near Bayji, five airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and land features denying ISIL a
         tactical advantage, destroying five ISIL vehicles, two ISIL excavators, an ISIL armored
         personnel carrier and an ISIL armored vehicle.

     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage,
         destroying an ISIL boat, an ISIL river crossing point and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Makhmur, three airstrikes struck an ISIL fighting positon and an ISIL staging area,
         destroying an ISIL excavator.

     Near Ramadi, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL fighting positons.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and land features denying

         ISIL a tactical advantage, destroying five ISIL buildings and two ISIL heavy machine
         guns.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar positon,
         destroying an ISIL fighting positon, an ISIL IED, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an
         ISIL mortar system.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                       -MORE-

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
    Combined Joint Task Force

                 Operation Inherent Resolve
                                 -30-

                 For additional information contact:
                       CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

         COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
  COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                     https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
             https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
