                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 31, 2015
Release # 20150731
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 30, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 24 airstrikes using fighter-attack,
fighter and bomber aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17 airstrikes
coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter-attack, bomber and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Coalition forces struck multiple Daesh targets in the vicinity of the eastern Syria border to
reduce the freedom of movement of Daesh," said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, CJTF-OIR chief of
staff. "These strikes will have a profound impact on the ability of Daesh in Syria to affect
operations in Iraq, particularly in Ramadi. Denying Daesh the ability to use these targets severely
reduces their efforts to destabilize the region. These airstrikes, combined with ground force
activity throughout Iraq and northern Syria, are increasing the pressure on ISIL."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, seven airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and five ISIL small
         tactical units and destroyed six ISIL fighting positions, four ISIL motorcycles, an ISIL
         heavy machine gun, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL command and control center.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, 17 airstrikes struck eight ISIL staging areas, three ISIL bridges, four
         ISIL checkpoints, an ISIL training area and an ISIL logistics site.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, two airstrikes struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

         structures and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Habbaniyah, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL mortar system, an ISIL fighting

         position and four ISIL rocket rails.
     Near Haditha, two airstrikes destroyed five ISIL structures, an ISIL mortar system, an

         ISIL weapons cache and an ISIL command and control center.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery

         weapon and destroyed three ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Ramadi, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and terrain denying ISIL a

         tactical advantage and destroyed two ISIL vehicles and two ISIL excavators.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL bunkers.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
