                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 16, 2015
Release # 201510016-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 15, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three strikes using remotely piloted
and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 21 strikes coordinated
with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, ground-attack,
remotely piloted aircraft, and rocket artillery against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Aleppo, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Washiyah, one strike struck an ISIL improvised explosive device cluster.
     Near Mar'a, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL motorcycle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building
         and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Al Huwayjah, one strike destroyed an ISIL vehicle-borne improvised explosive
         device (VBIED).

     Near Bayji, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle and
         damaged an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL tunnel.

     Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Mosul, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         heavy machine gun, three ISIL fighting positions, and suppressed an ISIL rocket position.
     Near Qayyarah, two strikes destroyed two separate ISIL VBIED facilities.
     Near Ramadi, seven strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         mortar position, seven ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL improvised explosive device
         cluster, four ISIL vehicles, two ISIL tactical vehicles, an ISIL supply pile, two ISIL
         boats, and breached two ISIL obstacles and denied ISIL access to terrain.
     Near Sinjar, one strike destroyed 11 ISIL fighting positions.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

     Near Tal Afar, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles,
         49 ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL cache, and wounded an ISIL fighter.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations
which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
