                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 9, 2015
Release # 20150909
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 8, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using attack, bomber
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 14
airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

In coordination with the Government of Iraq, the Coalition conducted airstrikes against an ISIL
operating base located near Ramadi.

"Coalition strikes targeted and destroyed a large Daesh staging facility that housed weapons
caches, combat equipment and included a multitude of prepared defensive positions" said Col.
Michael Indovina, spokesman, CJTF-OIR. "This facility was a key Daesh command and supply
hub in the Ramadi region and was being used to store large amounts of homemade explosives, as
well as VBIED components. Destroying this facility enables Iraqi security forces activities in and
around Ramadi while degrading Daesh command and control capability throughout the area."

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hawl, one airstrike destroyed three ISIL bunkers.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and an ISIL training camp

         and destroyed five ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL motorcycle.
     Near Mar'a, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL front end

         loader.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Habbaniyah, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL homemade explosives cache and an

         ISIL rocket rail.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck two ISIL heavy machine gun firing positions and an

         ISIL mortar firing position.
     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL heavy machine gun

         firing position and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL operating base and an
         ISIL staging area and destroyed five ISIL homemade explosives caches, two ISIL boats,
         an ISIL motorcycle and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting
         positions and two ISIL heavy machine guns.

     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar firing
         position and destroyed an ISIL bunker, an ISIL excavator, an ISIL fighting position, an
         ISIL trench and an ISIL weapons cache.
         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
