                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 25, 2015
Release # 20150325
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 24, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using fighter aircraft to conduct five airstrikes. Separately in Iraq, Coalition
military forces conducted 14 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense, using fighter,
bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8
a.m., March 24, and 8 a.m., March 25, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, five airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, an ISIL vehicle and destroyed
         10 ISIL fighting positions and two ISIL vehicles.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, five airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL armored vehicle.

     Near Fallujah, five airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, an ISIL vehicle and destroyed
         two ISIL excavators and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL modular oil refinery, an ISIL tactical unit and
         destroyed two ISIL machine guns and an ISIL building.

     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL tactical unit, two
         ISIL machine guns and destroyed an ISIL mortar system and an ISIL building.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
