                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 30, 2015
Release # 20150830
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 29, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes using attack,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 13
airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hawl, one airstrike struck three ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL facility.
     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and three ISIL excavators and

         destroyed five ISIL motorcycles, three ISIL structures, two ISIL guard shacks, two ISIL
         excavators and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Washiyah, one airstrike had inconclusive results.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and an ISIL heavy machine
         gun firing position and destroyed seven ISIL buildings, two ISIL heavy machine guns
         and an ISIL weapons cache.

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Ramadi, five airstrikes struck three ISIL staging areas and destroyed two ISIL

         vehicles.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Tuz, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL vehicles,

         two ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL mortar position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
