                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 30, 2015
Release # 20150730
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 29, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes using fighter-
attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 22 airstrikes coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter-attack,
bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, eight airstrikes struck seven ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         fighting position, an ISIL VBIED, six ISIL motorcycles and two ISIL vehicles.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
         vehicles.

         Iraq

     Near Haditha, eight airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, five ISIL staging areas and as
         ISIL command and control site and destroyed two ISIL vehicles, three ISIL structures, an
         ISIL berm, an ISIL IED belt, eight ISIL mortar systems and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL heavy machine gun position.
     Near Makhmur, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL

         fighting positions and three ISIL buildings.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed five ISIL fighting

         positions, two ISIL bunkers, an ISIL weapon cache, an ISIL excavator and an ISIL light
         machine gun.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL tank, an
         ISIL vehicle and an ISIL mortar system.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL light machine
         gun and two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle
         and an ISIL fighting position.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
