                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 22, 2015
Release # 20150722
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 21, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 15 airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 15 airstrikes
approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter-attack, bomber and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Coalition airstrikes are supporting Iraqi-planned and led ground operations around the
Anbar capital Ramadi, specifically targeting Daesh units, vehicles, buildings, material and IED
stores, ," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. ""We select targets that
would provide Daesh a tactical advantage."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, 10 airstrikes struck eight ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         vehicles, five ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL staging area, two ISIL bunkers, an ISIL
         excavator and three ISIL check points.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL mortar

         position, an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL heavy weapon and an ISIL fighting position.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL bridges.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed eight ISIL rocket rails.
     Near Haditha, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and ISIL terrain denying

         ISIL a tactical advantage and destroyed an ISIL sniper position and an ISIL mortar
         position.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL heavy
         machine guns.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL heavy machine gun
         and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         fighting positions, an ISIL excavator, an ISIL building and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Tal Afar, four airstrikes struck an ISIL rocket firing position and destroyed six ISIL
         bunkers.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
