                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 10, 2015
Release # 201510010-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 9, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five strikes using fighter, bomber,
and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 20 strikes
coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, fighter-
attack, and ground-attack aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

              Near Al Hasakah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
              Near Ar Raqqah, one strike destroyed an ISIL tactical vehicle.
              Near Manbij, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

                  building.
              Near Mar'a, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL tactical

                  vehicles.
              Near Palmyra, one strike destroyed an ISIL front end loader and damaged an ISIL

                  front end loader.

         Iraq

              Near Al Huwayjah, three strikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed
                  three ISIL tactical vehicles and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.

              Near Fallujah, one strike destroyed an ISIL rocket rail.
              Near Habbaniyah, two strikes destroyed an ISIL mortar system, an ISIL building,

                  and three ISIL rocket rails.
              Near Hit, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle and

                  an ISIL home-made explosives cache.
              Near Kirkuk, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

                  position.
                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

              Near Kisik, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy
                  machine gun, an ISIL fighting position, and two separate ISIL staging areas.

              Near Mosul, one strike struck an ISIL fighting position.
              Near Ramadi, four strikes struck two seperate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an

                  ISIL staging area, an ISIL front end loader, an ISIL heavy machine gun, six ISIL
                  fighting positions and denied ISIL access to terrain.
              Near Sinjar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting
                  positions and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
              Near Sultan Abdallah, three strikes destroyed an ISIL VBIED storage facility, an
                  ISIL VBIED factory, and suppressed an ISIL heavy machine gun position.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations
which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
