                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 27, 2015
Release # 20150827
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 26, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted four airstrikes using bomber and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 21 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hawl, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL bunker
         complex, three ISIL bunkers and an ISIL excavator.

     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, five airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, three ISIL small tactical units
         and denied ISIL an avenue of approach and destroyed 19 ISIL buildings, two ISIL
         vehicles, an ISIL mortar system and an ISIL weapons cache.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL mortar tube and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kisik, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         checkpoints and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         buildings, two ISIL weapons caches and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL small tactical units and destroyed an ISIL light

         machine gun and three ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Sultan Abdallah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         fighting position.
     Near Tuz, six airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, two ISIL small tactical units

         and three ISIL staging areas and destroyed four ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL
         vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
