                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 22, 2015
Release # 20150222
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 21, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using attack, fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct six airstrikes. Separately,
U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted four airstrikes in Iraq, using attack and fighter
aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., Feb. 21, and 8 a.m., Feb.
22, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units.
     Near Dayr az Zawr, an airstrike destroyed an artillery system.
     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL counter mobility

         berm and destroyed two ISIL checkpoints.

         Iraq

     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike stuck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL staging area, an ISIL large tactical unit and

         destroyed nine ISIL vehicles, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL building.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France,
Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
