                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 16, 2015
Release # 20150416
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 15, and 8 a.m., April 16, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted an airstrike using attack aircraft. Separately in Iraq, Coalition military forces
conducted 19 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using fighter, attack, bomber
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "In support of multiple simultaneous ISF operations in both Anbar and Salah ad-Din
provinces, Coalition aircraft conducted over a dozen coordinated dynamic airstrikes," said CJTF-
OIR Chief of Staff Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley. "These strikes remove Daesh's ability to mass
fighters, destroys their equipment and their leaders, and denies them the ability to establish
positional advantage on the battlefield."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting
         positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike struck an ISIL weapons storage facility.
     Near Ar Rutbah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, eight airstrikes struck two large and four smaller tactical units, destroyed two

         ISIL structures, an ISIL mortar system, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL crossing point and destroyed an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL trench line and destroyed an

         ISIL weapons cache.
     Near Ramadi, four airstrikes destroyed an ISIL bridge, an ISIL fighting position and an

         ISIL excavator.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL building.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                     -MORE-

2-2-2
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
