                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 December 07, 2015
 Release # 20151207-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Dec. 6, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
 Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine strikes using attack, fighter, and
 remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 11 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using fighter, bomber, and attack
 aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Al Hawl, four strikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed nine ISIL
         fighting positions, an ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive device (VBIED), and three
         ISIL vehicles.

     Near Dayr Ar Zawr, four strikes struck four ISIL oil well-heads.
     Near Mar'a, one strike damaged an ISIL artillery piece.

Iraq

     Near Kisik, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position and
         suppressed an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Mosul, one strike destroyed two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Ramadi, seven strikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed 13 ISIL

         buildings, nine ISIL fighting positions, six ISIL heavy machine guns, three ISIL staging areas,
         two ISIL house borne IEDs, an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL tunnel, an ISIL IED, an ISIL assembly
         area, wounded five ISIL fighters, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
     Near Tal Afar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

                                                      -MORE-
                                            For additional information contact:

                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                     COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, and
the United States.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                    COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
