                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

November 04, 2015
Release # 20151104-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 3, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted six strikes using attack, ground-
attack, fighter, bomber, and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 19 strikes coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber,
fighter, attack, ground-attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

         Near Al Hasakah, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and wounded an ISIL
             fighter.

         Near Al Hawl, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL
             fighting positions.

         Near Dayr Az Zawr, two strikes destroyed three ISIL cranes, four ISIL rigs, two ISIL
             excavators, an ISIL front end loader, and two ISIL pipefitters.

         Iraq

          Near Al Baghdadi, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
             position.

          Near Albu Hayat, two strikes struck two separate large ISIL tactical units and destroyed
             an ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive device (VBIED), an ISIL mortar system, an
             ISIL building, and four ISIL fighting positions.

          Near Bayji, one strike wounded an ISIL fighter.
          Near Mosul, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

             position.
          Near Ramadi, five strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed seven ISIL fighting

             positions, an ISIL VBIED, an ISIL weapons cache, an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL building and
             denied ISIL access to terrain.

                                                    -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

          Near Sinjar, nine strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed ISIL IED facility, an
             ISIL staging facility, three ISIL staging areas, four ISIL weapons caches, an ISIL
             headquarters location, an ISIL bed down location, 10 ISIL fighting positions, and two
             ISIL vehicles.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
