                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 5, 2015
Release # 20150705
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq July 4. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 26 airstrikes using bomber, attack,
remote and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 12 airstrikes
approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft
against ISIL terrorists.

    "The coalition conducted multiple airstrikes in northern Syria to deny Daesh's freedom to
maneuver," said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "These strikes provide the
forces on the ground the opportunity to act decisively against Daesh."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, five airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL
         vehicles, and four ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Ar Raqqah, 18 airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL vehicles
         and 16 ISIL bridges.

     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL fighting
         positons and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL tunnel

         entrance, an ISIL heavy machine gun and two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroying a VBIED.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar firing

         position.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL mortar firing position, destroying an ISIL

         fighting position, an ISIL heavy machine gun, four ISIL mortar tubes and an ISIL ammo
         bunker.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL mortar system
         and an ISIL building.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL mortar
         system, an ISIL cache and an ISIL building.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's
ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands,
United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria
include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
