                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 17, 2015
Release # 20150217
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 16, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct six airstrikes. Separately, U.S.
and Coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes in Iraq, using attack and fighter aircraft
against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., Feb. 16, and 8 a.m. Feb. 17, local
time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, six airstrikes destroyed eight ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL checkpoint
         and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL tactical unit and
         destroyed four ISIL buildings and two ISIL heavy machine guns.

     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike destroyed two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL mortar position and an ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         buildings.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France,
Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
