                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 25, 2015
Release # 20150725
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 24, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes using fighter,
bomber and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 22
airstrikes coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter-attack, bomber and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes destroyed two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Ar Raqqah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         excavator and an ISIL bridge.
     Near Dayr Az, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit and two small ISIL tactical

         units and destroyed six ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy
         machine gun and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Bayji, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Fallujah, seven airstrikes struck an ISIL VBIED facility, a weapons repair facility

         and five ISIL bridges and destroyed an ISIL excavator and an ISIL bridge.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL mortar

         system and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, five airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

         fighting positions, two ISIL armored personnel carriers, four ISIL mobility obstacles, an
         ISIL anti-aircraft artillery weapon, an ISIL heavy machine gun, three ISIL vehicles and
         an ISIL building.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL light
         machine guns, two ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL bunker.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL camera embedded berm.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
