                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 December 11, 2015
 Release # 20151211-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Dec. 10, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
 Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted four strikes using fighter and
 remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 21 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using fighter, bomber, attack, and
 remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle and
         wounded ISIL fighters.

     Near Mar'a, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL staging
         area.

Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Mosul, five strikes struck five separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         checkpoint, three ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL heavy machine gun, and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Qayyarah, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL vehicle borne improvised
         explosive device (VBIED) factory.

     Near Ramadi, five strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         fighting position, an ISIL bed down location, an ISIL VBIED, and an ISIL staging area.

     Near Sinjar, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position,
         an ISIL vehicle, and suppressed an ISIL sniper position.

     Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Al Baghdadi, one strike cratered four ISIL-used roads.
     Near Fallujah, one strike destroyed two ISIL bed down locations.
     Near Habbaniyah, one strike cratered two ISIL-used roads.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                     COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

    Near Tikrit, one strike destroyed two ISIL bunkers.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, and
the United States.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                    COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
