                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 December 06, 2015
 Release # 20151206-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Dec. 5, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
 Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 12 strikes using attack, fighter and
 remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using fighter, bomber and attack
 aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Mar'a, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles and an
         ISIL building.

     Near Ayn Isa, four strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL excavator, an
         ISIL tactical vehicle, and an ISIL building.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, five strikes destroyed five ISIL oil well-heads.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and wounded an ISIL fighter.

Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two
         ISIL vehicles and an ISIL tunnel.

     Near Albu Hayat, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and suppressed an ISIL rocket rail.
     Near Mosul, four strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL mortar

         tube, an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL command and control node, an ISIL excavator, an
         ISIL heavy machine gun, and suppressed a separate ISIL heavy machine gun position.
     Near Ramadi, six strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL sniper
         position, an ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive device (VBIED) facility, four ISIL
         fighting positions, an ISIL heavy machine gun, three ISIL buildings, four ISIL command and
         control nodes, three ISIL staging areas, two ISIL weapons caches, damaged an ISIL fighting
         position, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
     Near Sinjar, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         fighting positions and two ISIL heavy machine guns.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                     COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

    Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
        position, an ISIL heavy machine gun, and an ISIL vehicle.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, and
the United States.

                                                         -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                    COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
