                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 2, 2015
Release # 20150902
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 1, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five airstrikes using attack, bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted eight
airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, fighter and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

         "In the last two days, coalition airstrikes near Bayji have removed a number of Daesh
terrorists from the battlefield," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR public affairs officer.
"Daesh may persist on sending reinforcements, and we will continue to eliminate them."

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hawl, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL front end loader.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL bunker.
     Near Mar'a, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         buildings, an ISIL excavator, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL mortar system.
     Near Washiyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL artillery piece.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL

         vehicles and an ISIL homemade explosives facility.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL vehicles and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Qayyrah, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL fighting

         positions, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL light machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar firing position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
