                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 2, 2015
Release # 20150202
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 1, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using bomber, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct 10
airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted 17 airstrikes in Iraq,
using attack, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took
place between 8 a.m., Feb. 1, and 8 a.m., Feb. 2, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, nine airstrikes struck three large ISIL tactical units, five ISIL tactical
         units and destroyed six ISIL staging areas and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Dayr as Zawr, an airstrike struck an ISIL checkpoint.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         mortar position and one ISIL fighting position.

     Near Huwayjah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         fighting position.

     Near Al Rutbah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kirkuk, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         fighting positions, an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL tactical vehicle, one ISIL bunker, and
         three ISIL earth movers.
     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         building.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL weapons storage facility.
     Near Fallujah, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, one ISIL vehicle and
         destroyed eight ISIL vehicles.
     Near Haditha, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL fighting position and one ISIL
         vehicle.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL vehicle.

                                                      -more-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
2-2-2

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations
conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the
United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
