                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 22, 2015
Release # 20150622
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 21. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes using attack, bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 22
airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    "The coalition struck Daesh in northern Syria," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of
public affairs. "Anti-ISIL forces in northern Syria have proven to be an effective and dependable
force."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL excavator, an

         ISIL fighting position, an ISIL mortar system and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Abyad, five airstrikes struck one large and four small ISIL tactical units,

         destroying three ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL excavator and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL rocket firing position.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Hit, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL structure.
     Near Makhmur, three airstrikes struck an ISIL VBIED factory.
     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck one large and two small ISIL tactical units, an ISIL

         rocket firing position and an ISIL mortar firing position, destroying three ISIL heavy
         machine guns, an ISIL building, an ISIL motorcycle and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, five airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and two ISIL staging areas,
         destroying three ISIL tunnel systems, two ISIL bunkers, an ISIL heavy machine gun, an
         ISIL cache and an ISIL mortar system.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL tunnel system,
         destroying an ISIL building and an ISIL mortar firing position.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

     The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
