                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 14, 2015
 Release # 20151114-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 13, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven strikes using bomber, attack,
 and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 20 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using attack, ground-attack, bomber,
 fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

       Near Al Hawl, four strikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed five ISIL
           fighting positions and wounded an ISIL fighter.

       Near Ar Raqqah, two strikes destroyed an ISIL building.
       Near Mar'a, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

Iraq

       Near Bayji, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units.
       Near Kisik, one strike suppressed an ISIL heavy machine gun position.
       Near Ramadi, nine strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed 16 ISIL

           buildings, two ISIL weapons caches, two ISIL tunnels, six ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL
           light machine guns, an ISIL rocket rail, two ISIL sniper positions, five ISIL vehicle borne
           improvised explosive devices (VBIED), an ISIL staging area, two ISIL heavy machine guns,
           two ISIL command and control nodes, an ISIL supply cache, an ISIL tactical vehicle, three
           ISIL bed down locations, suppressed an ISIL fighting position, cratered three ISIL
           controlled roads, denied ISIL access to terrain, and wounded an ISIL fighter.
       Near Sinjar, six strikes struck five separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
           fighting positions, an ISIL light machine gun, seven ISIL vehicles, and wounded an ISIL
           fighter.
       Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike struck a large ISIL tactical unit.
       Near Tal Afar, one strike destroyed four ISIL weapons caches.

                                                      -MORE-
                                            For additional information contact:

                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                             COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
