                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 20, 2015
Release # 20150520
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 19, and 8 a.m., May 20, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted nine airstrikes using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately
in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of
Defense using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "Our airstrikes struck Daesh elements near along the Euphrates river valley," said Col.
Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "The Coalition applies significant mitigation
measures in our targeting process and during the conduct of strike operations to reduce the risks
of collateral damage and non-combatant casualties."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, seven airstrikes struck two large and two small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying two ISIL vehicles, two ISIL fighting positions, three ISIL armored vehicles
         and an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery system.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL fighting
         positions and two ISIL vehicles.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, six airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL
         structures, an ISIL VBIED and an ISIL mortar system.

     Near Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building and
         an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL fighting
         positions, an ISIL structure and an ISIL VBIED.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck a large ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL
         buildings.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL weapons manufacturing facility and an ISIL
         checkpoint.

     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL fighting
         positions, two ISIL buildings, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
