                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 15, 2015
Release # 201510015-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 14, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight strikes using remotely piloted
and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17 strikes coordinated
with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, ground-attack,
remotely piloted aircraft, and rocket artillery against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Bab, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles, an
         ISIL tactical vehicle, and damaged an ISIL excavator.

     Near Al Hawl, two strikes destroyed an ISIL crude oil collection point and an ISIL oil
         pump.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Manbij, one strike destroyed an ISIL artillery piece.
     Near Tal Jibbin , one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Washiyah, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle, an

         ISIL tactical vehicle, and an ISIL artillery piece.

         Iraq
                  .

     Near Al Baghdadi, three strikes destroyed an ISIL weapons cache and denied ISIL access
         to tactical terrain.

     Near Al Huwayjah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL home-made

         explosives cache.
     Near Habbaniyah, one strike destroyed an ISIL tactical vehicle.
     Near Hit, one strike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Kisik, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

     Near Ramadi, four strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         heavy machine gun position, an ISIL mortar position, an ISIL fighting position, and two
         ISIL tactical vehicles.

     Near Sinjar, four strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed 21 ISIL
         fighting positions and five ISIL staging areas.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations
which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
