                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 12, 2015
Release # 20150312
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                             Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 11, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Iraq, using fighter, attack and remote aircraft to conduct 13 airstrikes. All strikes
took place between 8 a.m., March 11, and 8 a.m., March 12, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     CJTF-OIR conducted no airstrikes in Syria between 8 a.m., March 11, and 8 a.m., March
         12, local time.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, two ISIL tactical units

         and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, five airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical units and destroyed five ISIL

         excavators, three ISIL vehicles and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL armored

         vehicles.
     Near Ramadi, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL

         buildings and an ISIL vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Iraq further limits the terrorist
group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands,
United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include
Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
