                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 1, 2015
Release # 20151001-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Sept. 30, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted one airstrike using remotely
piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 21 airstrikes coordinated
with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, fighter-attack, and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

        Syria

     Near Mar'a, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL excavators.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, seven airstrikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit and an area of interest
         and destroyed three ISIL heavy machine guns, an ISIL light machine gun, eight ISIL
         fighting positions, suppressed ISIL mortar fire, and denied ISIL terrain.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL tactical
         vehicle and an ISIL mortar position.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building
         and an ISIL tunnel.

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         building and an ISIL rocket system.

     Near Kirkuk, four airstrikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an
         ISIL cache, two ISIL heavy machine guns, seven ISIL light machine guns, 22 ISIL
         fighting positions, and denied ISIL access to terrain.

     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 10 ISIL fighting
         positions, an ISIL tactical vehicle and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         light machine gun and two ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Sultan Abdallah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL fighting position and suppressed an
         ISIL mortar position.
                                                     -MORE-
                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#
                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
         Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the
United States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia,
Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
