                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 1, 2015
Release # 20150501
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 30, and 8 a.m., May 1, local time. In Syria, Coalition military forces
conducted 11 airstrikes using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in
Iraq, Coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of
Defense using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

      "The Coalition continues its commitment to defeating Daesh with airstrikes, surveillance,
intelligence, advise and assist elements, and Build Partner Capacity trainers in Iraq and Syria,
which enables Iraqi and Kurdish forces to counter Daesh, reestablish the border, retake lost
terrain and restore stability and security," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR Chief of Public
Affairs.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL excavator.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kobani, six airstrikes struck an ISIL large and three small tactical units, destroying

         seven ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL fighting
         positions.

     Near Fallujah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL defensive position.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL fighting

         position, and an ISIL resupply cache.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                     -MORE-

Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
