                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 21, 2015
Release # 20150221
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 20, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using bomber aircraft to conduct an airstrike. Separately, U.S. and Coalition
military forces conducted five airstrikes in Iraq, using attack and fighter aircraft against ISIL
terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., Feb. 20, and 8 a.m., Feb. 21, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, an airstrike destroyed two ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike destroyed six ISIL boats.
     Near Ar Rutbah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL tactical unit and

         destroyed five ISIL buildings.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France,
Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
