                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 8, 2015
Release # 20150608
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 7. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes using bomber, attack
and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 14 airstrikes approved
by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft
against ISIL terrorists.

    "We have conducted nearly 1,900 dynamic airstrikes during the campaign in Iraq, enabled by
coalition Joint Terminal Attack Controllers (JTACs) located in our Combined Joint Operations
Centers, which have resulted in the destruction of approximately 70 VBIEDS, 800 vehicles
(technical and tactical), 650 buildings/facilities, 600 fighting positions and 60 boats in the
possession of Daesh," said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "These JTACs
have access to fused intelligence, operational situational awareness tools, direct communications
with coalition aircraft, and real-time surveillance and reconnaissance assets, which has allowed
them to be a highly effective component of the strike process and its effectiveness on the
battlefield."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, two airstrikes struck two ISIL crude oil collection points.
     Near Kobani, five airstrikes struck one large and two small ISIL tactical units, destroying

         seven ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles and an ISIL IED facility.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL tanker
         and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Bayji, three airstrikes destroyed two ISIL staging positions and seven ISIL vehicles.
     Near Hit, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck two ISIL mortar firing positions.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL staging area,

         destroying two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL mortar system, destroying two ISIL buildings,

         an ISIL rocket propelled grenade and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL mortar firing position, destroying an ISIL

         tunnel entrance.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
