                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 19, 2015
Release # 20150919
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 18, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five airstrike using fighter and
ground-attack aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 12 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using, fighter, fighter-attack, bomber, and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Tal Abyad, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL
         fighting positions.

     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Al Hawl, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL bunkers.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL check point.
     Near Mar'a, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed one vehicle.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed an ISIL sniper

         position and two ISIL buildings.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike suppressed ISIL mortar fire.
     Near Kisik, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed ISIL mortars, an

         ISIL cache, an ISIL fighting position, and two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun, an ISIL fighting position and suppressed ISIL rocket fire.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL motorcycle
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed an ISIL light machine

         gun and four ISIL fighting positions and suppressed light machine gun fire.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                         -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
