                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 3, 2015
Release # 20150403
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On April 2, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria, using attack and bomber aircraft to conduct six airstrikes. Separately in Iraq, Coalition
military forces conducted six airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense, using fighter
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., April
2, and 8 a.m., April 3, local time.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL excavator.

     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed seven ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL armored
         vehicle and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Rawah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine

         gun and an ISIL building.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         excavators and an ISIL fighting position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
