                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 30, 2015
Release # 20150630
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 29. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes using attack, bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted nine
airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    "Anti-Daesh fighters in Northern Syria have proven to be a dependable and effective force,"
said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "The Coalition will continue to
support them in a myriad of ways, including airstrikes."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, seven airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL
         vehicles, an ISIL armored personnel carrier and an ISIL tank.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL excavator.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, three airstrikes struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage,
         destroying two ISIL excavators.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL tunnel system.
     Near Haditha, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL mortar firing

         position, destroying an ISIL building.
     Near Waleed, one airstrike destroyed three armored personnel carriers.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
