                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 11, 2015
Release # 20150811
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 10, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 10 airstrikes using bomber,
fighter, fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 20 airstrikes coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter,
fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Anti-ISIL forces continue to engage ISIL in northern Syria, as ISIL fighters are targeted and
killed by coalition airstrikes," said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, chief of staff, CJTF-OIR. "The
cumulative effect of the airstrikes is creating a difficult environment for ISIL to conduct
operations and expand its influence."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, five airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units and destroyed six ISIL
         fighting positions, an ISIL bunker, an ISIL structure and an ISIL armored vehicle.

     Near Aleppo, one airstrike destroyed three ISIL bunkers.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL crude oil collection point.
     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL mortar

         system and an ISIL mortar system supply point.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical unit and
         destroyed eight ISIL tractor trailers, four ISIL structures, two ISIL armored vehicles, two
         ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL fuel trucks, two ISIL vehicles and an ISIL observation
         point.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL river obstruction.
     Near Haditha, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         structure and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building and

         an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 10 ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and two ISIL mortar firing

         positions and destroyed three ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL excavator and an ISIL
         vehicle.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         structures, an ISIL mortar system, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL weapons cache.

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting
         positions.

     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL armored
         vehicle, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL tunnel system.

     Near Tuz, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
