                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

January 13, 2015
Release # 2015013
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Jan. 12, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using bomber and fighter aircraft to conduct four airstrikes.
Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes in Iraq, using
attack, fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes
took place between 8 a.m., Jan. 12, and 8 a.m., Jan. 13, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, three airstrikes destroyed five ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Dawr az Zawr, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL tank.

         Iraq

     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL building.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes destroyed an ISIL tactical unit, two ISIL bunkers, an

         ISIL heavy machine gun, two ISIL mortar positions, an ISIL armored vehicle and
         an ISIL excavator.
     Near Baghdad, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL tactical unit and struck another,
         destroyed an ISIL fighting position and two ISIL heavy machine guns.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and
the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations
conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the
United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
