                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

September 24, 2015,
Release # 20150924-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Sept. 23, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted four airstrikes using fighter,
bomber, and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16
airstrikes coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter,
fighter-attack, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         motorcycle.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mar'a, one airstrike destroyed one ISIL towed artillery piece.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike destroyed 16 ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL anti-air artillery pieces.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Mosul, six airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL VBIED

         facilities, an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL cache, an ISIL bunker, and suppressed an
         ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL light machine gun, and two ISIL mortar positions.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed two ISIL buildings,
         an ISIL excavator, and three ISIL mobility obstacles.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed and ISIL
         light machine gun and six ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike suppressed ISIL mortar fire.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

         Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.
         Finally, on Sept. 10, Coalition forces conducted a previously unreported airstrike near Tal
Afar, Iraq, which struck an ISIL tactical unit and resulted in a destroyed vehicle and the death of
a senior ISIL leader.

                                                            -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
