                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 19, 2015
 Release # 20151119-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 18, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight strikes using attack, fighter,
 and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 19 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, attack, fighter, and
 remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

       Near Palmyra, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL checkpoint, an
           ISIL vehicle, and an ISIL crane.

       Near Mar'a, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL mortar position and
           an ISIL fighting position.

       Near Al Hasakah, four strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed five
           ISIL buildings.

       Near Dayr Az Zawr, one strike struck an ISIL gas and oil separation plant.
       Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL storage facility.

Iraq

       Near Kirkuk, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine
           gun and an ISIL fighting position.

       Near Kisik, six strikes struck five separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
           weapons caches, 12 ISIL fighting positions, three ISIL vehicles, and an ISIL heavy machine
           gun.

       Near Mosul, four strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
           weapons cache and two ISIL fighting positions.

       Near Ramadi, four strikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL tactical
           vehicles, an ISIL tunnel, seven ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL- controlled bridge, an ISIL
           vehicle borne explosive device (VBIED), an ISIL bed down location, an ISIL staging area,
           and cratered two ISIL roads.
                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                             COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

      Near Sinjar, four strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
          fighting position, an ISIL tactical vehicle, and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
