                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 8, 2015
Release # 20150408
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                         Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and Iraq
between 8 a.m., April 7, and 8 a.m., April 8, local time. In Syria, Coalition military forces conducted
two airstrikes, using bomber and attack aircraft. Separately in Iraq, Coalition military forces
conducted four airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using fighter and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck four ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Kobani, an airstrike destroyed two ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Hit in Al Anbar Province, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL mortar system.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability
to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and
United States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                           -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
