                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 20, 2015
Release # 20150620
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 19. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes using attack, bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16
airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "A coalition airstrike hit a Daesh checkpoint near Al Qaim, Iraq," said Col. Wayne Marotto,
CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "The desired effect of such strikes is to reduce their ability to
restrict the movement of, and extort from, the population in Daesh held areas."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL fighting
         positions.

     Near Ar Raqqah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL
         vehicles and an ISIL motorcycle.

     Near Tal Abyad, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL
         fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, one airstrike struck an ISIL checkpoint, destroying an ISIL storage
         container.

     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL VBIEDs and
         an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Mosul, six airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, three ISIL staging areas and an

         ISIL tank, destroying an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL building.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL buildings, an

         ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL sniper position.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL fighting positions.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

     The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
