                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 21, 2015
Release # 20150821
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 20, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 10 airstrikes using attack, bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 23
airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter and fighter-
attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

         "This week the coalition conducted 13 airstrikes against Daesh terrorists in the vicinity of
Mosul," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR, public affairs officer. "We eliminated a number of
terrorists from the battle field, destroyed equipment and restricted their freedom of movement."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         structures and an ISIL sniper firing position.

     Near Al Hawl, three airstrikes destroyed five ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL cache.
     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL hell

         cannon.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions, an ISIL artillery piece and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

         Iraq

     Near Ar Rutbah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck one large and three small ISIL tactical units and

         destroyed four ISIL buildings and two ISIL VBIEDs.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL mortar systems.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL weapons cache.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and two ISIL heavy machine guns.
     Near Kisik, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL rocket firing position.
     Near Mosul, six airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and an ISIL mortar firing

         position and destroyed three ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL excavators, two ISIL heavy
         machine guns and an ISIL mortar firing position.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         fighting position and an ISIL recoilless rifle.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Tuz, three airstrikes destroyed 17 ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL fuel storage
         facility, an ISIL vehicle storage facility and two ISIL vehicles.
         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
