                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 28, 2015
Release # 20150328
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 27, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using attack, fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct four airstrikes. Separately
in Iraq, Coalition military forces conducted 18 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of
Defense, using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes
took place between 8 a.m., March 27, and 8 a.m., March 28, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroyed two anti-aircraft
         artillery machine guns, three ISIL vehicles, one excavator, and damaged one ISIL
         fighting position.

         Iraq

     Near Tikrit, eight airstrikes struck two large ISIL units and one ISIL tactical unit,
         destroyed one ISIL vehicle, one ISIL vehicle borne explosive device, and destroyed 11
         and damaged one fighting positions.

     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck one ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two anti-aircraft
         artillery guns and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Mosul, three airstrikes destroyed two IED construction/facilitation buildings, one
         other building, an armored vehicle, and one fighting position.

     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes destroyed one machine gun, one building and one
         excavator.

     Near Ar Rutbah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck one ISIL tactical unit.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
