                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 2, 2015
Release # 20150702
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq July 1. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 10 airstrikes using attack, bomber and
fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 18 airstrikes approved by
the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against
ISIL terrorists.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, six airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and two ISIL antennas,
         destroying four ISIL vehicles, three ISIL bunkers, an ISIL structure and an ISIL building.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL fighting
         positions.

     Near Tal Abyad, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL structure.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL heavy
         machine guns and an ISIL building.

     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying nine ISIL fighting
         positions, an ISIL recoilless rifle, an ISIL mortar system, an ISIL tunnel system and an
         ISIL cave.

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL mortar
         systems and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle and an
         ISIL structure.

     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, two ISIL mortar firing positions

         and an ISIL fighting position, destroying an ISIL building and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Rawah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL bulldozer.
     Near Sinjar, four airstrikes struck three ISIL staging areas and an ISIL heavy machine

         gun, destroying two ISIL buildings.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
