                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 3, 2015
Release # 20151003-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 2, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted ten strikes using fighter, bomber,
ground-attack and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 17 strikes coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber,
fighter, attack, fighter-attack, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two
         ISIL tactical vehicles, an ISIL headquarters building, an ISIL VBIED, an ISIL fighting
         position, and wounded an ISIL fighter.

     Near Kobani, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL headquarters
         building and wounded two ISIL fighters.

     Near Abu Kamal, two strikes struck an ISIL crude oil collection point.
     Near Al Hawl, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles

         and an ISIL bunker complex.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         vehicles and two ISIL tactical vehicles.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one strike struck two ISIL rocket rails.
     Near Al Huwayjah, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle,

         an ISIL fighting position, suppressed an ISIL mortar position and wounded three ISIL
         fighters.
     Near Bayji, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL weapons cache
         and an ISIL homemade explosive cache.
     Near Kirkuk, one strike struck a large ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

     Near Mosul, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three
         heavy machine guns and four ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Ramadi, six strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed seven
         ISIL fighting positions, four ISIL buildings, an ISIL tunnel, an ISIL tactical vehicle, an
         ISIL sniper position, an ISIL bunker, two ISIL mortar systems, an ISIL vehicle, two ISIL
         obstacles and wounded two ISIL fighters.

     Near Sinjar, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three heavy
         machine guns and four ISIL fighting positions.
         Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the
United States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia,
Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
