                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 17, 2015
Release # 20150317
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 16, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using fighter, attack, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct seven airstrikes.
Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted 12 airstrikes in Iraq, using attack,
fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place
between 8 a.m., March 16, and 8 a.m., March 17, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         vehicles.

     Near Kobani, five airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, four ISIL tactical units and
         destroyed five ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Fallujah, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL weapons storage

         facility, two ISIL crossing points and destroyed two different ISIL crossing points.
     Near Hit in Al Anbar Province, an airstrike had inconclusive results.
     Near Kirkuk, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL tactical unit and

         destroyed eight ISIL vehicles, three ISIL buildings and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Ramadi, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
