                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 10, 2015
Release # 20150210
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 9, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using attack aircraft to conduct an airstrike. Separately, U.S. and
Coalition military forces conducted 11 airstrikes in Iraq, using fighter, attack and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m.,
Feb. 9, and 8 a.m., Feb. 10, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Dayr az Zawr, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL armored vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, an airstrike struck an ISIL weapons storage facility.
     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Ar Rutbah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         bunker and neutralized an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Kirkuk, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL earth mover, an ISIL vehicle, an

         ISIL armored vehicle and an ISIL building.
     Near Makhmur, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL bulldozer and two ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         shipping container, an ISIL tractor trailer, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL
         checkpoint.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition
nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
