                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 23, 2015
Release # 20150623
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 22. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 14 airstrikes
approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft
against ISIL terrorists.

    "Coalition air power provides a significant advantage for ground forces in hybrid warfare,"
said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "We see this materializing daily in
support of our enabled partners within the battlespace."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Tal Abyad, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, an ISIL fighting position,
         an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed seven ISIL rocket rails.
     Near Hit, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL anti-aircraft

         weapon.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL staging area,

         destroying an ISIL building and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Ramadi, four airstrikes struck multiple ISIL staging areas.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL heavy machine

         guns and an ISIL bunker.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building and

         an ISIL mortar firing position.
     Near Waleed, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

     The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
