                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 5, 2015
Release # 20150505
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 4, and 8 a.m., May 5, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted one airstrike using attack aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 12 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber, fighter
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "Our counter-Daesh strategy calls for Coalition forces to conduct a systematic air campaign
in Iraq and Syria," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "This enables us
to continue the reduction of Daesh capabilities."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck one large and two small ISIL tactical units, destroying
         three ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL structures, an ISIL warehouse, an ISIL heavy
         machine gun, an ISIL excavator and an ISIL rocket-propelled grenade.

     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL
         structures, two ISIL vehicles and an ISIL mortar tube.

     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck three ISIL fighting positions, destroying an ISIL
         excavator.

     Near Ramadi, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying three ISIL
         structures, three ISIL tanks and an ISIL armored vehicle.

     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
