                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

January 30, 2015
Release # 20150130
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Jan. 29, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using fighter aircraft to conduct two airstrikes. Separately, U.S.
and Coalition military forces conducted four airstrikes in Iraq, using attack and fighter
aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., Jan. 29, and 8 a.m.,
Jan. 30, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL staging positions and destroyed two
         ISIL fighting positions and one ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL firing position.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL fighting positions and destroyed an

         ISIL building, an ISIL bunker and an ISIL shipping container.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations
conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the
United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
