                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 1, 2015
Release # 20150401
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 31, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using fighter, attack and bomber aircraft to conduct seven airstrikes.
Separately in Iraq, Coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes approved by the Iraqi
Ministry of Defense, using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.
All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 31, and 8 a.m., April 1, local time.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL
         fighting positions.

     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, three ISIL vehicles and
         destroyed three ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Hit in Al Anbar Province, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an
         ISIL vehicle.

     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL buildings
         and two ISIL heavy machine guns

     Near Mosul, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL artillery piece.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL tent shelter.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
