                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 9, 2015
Release # 20150309
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 8, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using fighter aircraft to conduct five airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition
military forces conducted nine airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter, bomber and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 8, and 8 a.m.,
March 9, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, five airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL modular oil refinery and
         destroyed seven ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Fallujah, four airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units, an ISIL tactical unit and

         destroyed nine ISIL vehicles, two ISIL buildings, two ISIL armored vehicles and an ISIL
         storage facility.
     Near Haditha, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle and
         an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Kirkuk, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         vehicle and an ISIL bunker.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes against ISIL were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the
operation to eliminate the terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and
the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further
limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations
which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France,
Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include, Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

         Separately, near Aleppo on March 8 U.S. military forces attacked with bomber aircraft a
staging area of a network of veteran al Qa'ida operatives sometimes called the "Khorasan
Group," who are plotting external attacks against the United States and our allies. The airstrike
struck a large tactical unit and destroyed four buildings and three tents.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
