                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 18, 2015
Release # 20150818
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 17, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using bomber and
fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17 airstrikes coordinated
with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter and fighter-attack aircraft against ISIL
targets.

         "Coalition trained Iraqi security forces are in the middle of a deliberate counterattack
against Daesh terrorists in Ramadi," said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, chief of staff, CJTF-OIR. "It's
a tough fight with ISF encountering many obstacles and IEDs, but 16 airstrikes in the past few
days have eliminated numerous Daesh positions, no doubt paving the way for ISF advances."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL berm
         and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting
         positions and an ISIL motorcycle.

         Iraq

     Near Ar Rutbah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL checkpoint and
         destroyed an ISIL bulldozer and an ISIL excavator.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL artillery
         piece, an ISIL building and two ISIL vehicles.

     Near Haditha, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL mortar
         system and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Makhmur, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL staging area and
         destroyed an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL light
         machine gun.

     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL tank and destroyed an ISIL trailer.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units and destroyed six ISIL

         buildings, two ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL recoilless rifle.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position and an ISIL light machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL artillery

         piece, an ISIL building, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL weapons cache.
     Near Tuz, one airstrike destroyed 21 ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL tunnel system.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
