                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 28, 2015
Release # 20150828
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 27, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes using bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 13
airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike struck an ISIL ant-aircraft artillery piece.
     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Washiyah, three airstrikes struck one large and two small ISIL tactical units and

         destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes destroyed three ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles and
         an ISIL IED.

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL light
         machine gun and an ISIL building.

     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building
         and an ISIL motorcycle.

     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Kisik, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL excavator
         and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar firing position
         and destroyed an ISIL checkpoint.

     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL fighting

         positions and two ISIL light machine guns.
     Near Tuz, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL VBIED.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
