                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 23, 2015
Release # 20150223
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 22, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using attack, fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct 18
airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes in Iraq, using
attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between
8 a.m., Feb. 22, and 8 a.m., Feb. 23, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, 11 airstrikes struck ten ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         vehicles, an ISIL bunker and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Dayr az Zawr, an airstrike struck an ISIL crude oil collection point.
     Near Kobani, six airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, four ISIL tactical units, an

         ISIL fighting position and destroyed four ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL fighting position and
         destroyed an ISIL checkpoint and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Ar Rutbah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike stuck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike destroyed four ISIL armored vehicles.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France,
Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
