      Combined Joint Task Force

              Operation Inherent Resolve
                       APO AE 09306

October 4, 2015
Release # 20151004-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 3, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted six strikes using fighter, bomber,
ground-attack and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted ten strikes coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber,
fighter, attack, and fighter-attack aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:
         Syria

      Near Al Hasakah, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and
      destroyed three ISIL structures, two ISIL fighting positions, and an ISIL
      motorcycle.
    
      Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
Iraq  Near Mar'a, one strike destroyed an ISIL excavator.

      Near Washiyah, one strike damaged an ISIL excavator.

 Near Al Baghdadi, one strike struck an ISIL pontoon bridge.
 Near Al Huwayjah, two strikes suppressed ISIL mortar fire and an ISIL mortar

    position.
 Near Fallujah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

    building, an ISIL heavy machine gun, and an ISIL RPG.
 Near Kirkuk, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy

    machine gun and an ISIL fighting position.
 Near Ramadi, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed

    an ISIL VBIED, an ISIL tactical vehicle, six ISIL fighting positions, breached
    two ISIL obstacles, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
 Near Sinjar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed a heavy machine
    gun and two ISIL fighting positions.

                       -MORE-

                     For additional information contact:
                           CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

             COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
      COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                         https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                    https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

              Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and two ISIL fighting
                  positions.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada,
France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
