                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 19, 2015
Release # 20150319
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 18, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using fighter, attack, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct seven airstrikes.
Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted 12 airstrikes in Iraq, using attack,
fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place
between 8 a.m., March 18, and 8 a.m., March 19, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units.
     Near Ar Raqqah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL tank and an ISIL armored personnel

         carrier.
     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Ar Rutbah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL-controlled bridge and destroyed a different

         ISIL-controlled bridge.
     Near Hit in Al Anbar Province, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an

         ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         vehicles, an ISIL building and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL pieces of

         engineer equipment and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL bridges,

         an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL building and an ISIL tunnel system.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike had inconclusive results.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
