                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 21, 2015
Release # 20150721
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 20, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 12 airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16 airstrikes
approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter-attack, bomber and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Coalition airstrikes continue to eliminate Daesh's IED building materials, emplacing
equipment and fighting positions," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs.
"Not only does the coalition assist our partners on the ground by removing the terrorists' most
potent weapons from the battlefield, but we also prevent civilian casualties caused by Daesh's
indiscriminate targeting."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, seven airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units and three ISIL
         small tactical units and destroyed seven ISIL fighting positions, three ISIL vehicles, two
         ISIL excavators, an ISIL crane, an ISIL bunker and an ISIL VBIED.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, three airstrikes struck three ISIL crude oil collection points.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL fighting

         positions.

         Iraq

     Near Habbaniyah, two airstrikes destroyed two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL rocket position and an

         ISIL heavy machine gun and destroyed two ISIL buildings.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         vehicle, two ISIL buildings and an ISIL excavator.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL building

         and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Afar, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun, two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL tunnel and four ISIL bunkers.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
