                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 29, 2015
Release # 20150429
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 28, and 8 a.m., April 29, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted five airstrikes using attack, bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq,
Coalition military forces conducted 16 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using
attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "Iraqi Security Forces are in a tough fight in Bayji and Ramadi," said Col. Wayne Marotto,
CJTF-OIR Chief of Public Affairs. "However, the coalition will continue to support them with
all requested military capabilities within our means."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck an ISIL large and two small tactical units, destroying

         five ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Al Huwayjah, five airstrikes struck three ISIL staging areas and an ISIL tactical
         unit, destroying two ISIL VBIEDS and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Bayji, five airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL vehicles, an
         ISIL fighting position and an ISIL warehouse.

     Near Fallujah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL trench complex.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Ramadi, an airstrike destroyed three ISIL tanker trucks.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL crane, an

         ISIL weapons cache and an ISIL vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                      -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
