                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

January 7, 2015
Release # 2015007
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

         Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA - U.S. and partner nation military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, Jan. 6, using fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct 11 airstrikes.
Separately, U.S. and partner nation military forces conducted six airstrikes in Iraq, Jan.
6, attack, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took
place between 8 a.m., Jan. 6, and 8 a.m., Jan. 7, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, 10 airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, four ISIL fighting positions,
         and an ISIL heavy weapons position and destroyed an ISIL artillery system, an
         ISIL building, and 13 ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Hasakah, an airstrike struck an ISIL crude oil collection point.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike destroyed five ISIL armored vehicles.
     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         VBIED.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and a large ISIL unit

         and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position and an ISIL sniper position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region and the
wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further
limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition
nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada,
Denmark, France, Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations conducting
airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab
Emirates.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
