                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 29, 2015
Release # 20150629
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 28. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes using attack, bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17
airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber and fighter aircraft
against ISIL terrorists.

     "Coalition airstrikes increase Daesh viscosity, as its capabilities are removed and its freedom
of movement is impacted," said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL crane.
     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike had inconclusive results.
     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying eight ISIL boats,

         three ISIL vehicles, two ISIL bunkers, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL mortar
         system.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and land features denying ISIL a
         tactical advantage, destroying an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Habbaniyah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL logistics compound and an ISIL staging
         area.

     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL building

         and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL building and

         an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and three ISIL heavy machine

         guns, destroying four ISIL buildings.
     Near Tal Afar, five airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, three ISIL bunkers and land

         features denying ISIL a tactical advantage, destroying two ISIL mortar firing positions,
         an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
