                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 25, 2015
Release # 20150225
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 24, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using fighter and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct nine airstrikes.
Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes in Iraq, using fighter,
bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8
a.m., Feb. 24, and 8 a.m., Feb. 25, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kobani, six airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, an ISIL fighting position and

         destroyed six ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, multiple ISIL checkpoints,
         an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 11 ISIL buildings, two ISIL armored vehicles and
         seven ISIL vehicles.

     Near Ramadi, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL mortar system.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France,
Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
