                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 25, 2015
Release # 20150525
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 24, and 8 a.m., May 25, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted 10 airstrikes using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in
Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 25 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense
using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

"Kurdish fighters, supported by the Coalition, are forcing Daesh to cede territory in northern
Syria at an increasing rate," said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR Chief of Staff.
"Coalition campaign activities in Syria are achieving effects on Daesh."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, seven airstrikes struck two large and four small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying four ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL checkpoint, an ISIL excavator, an ISIL
         VBIED and an ISIL vehicle. There were no observed civilian casualties from the
         airstrikes. Kurdish fighters reported an ISIL VBIED detonation which resulted in an
         undetermined number of civilians injured in the area.

     Near Ar Raqqah, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL excavator and an ISIL tank.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL multiple rocket launcher vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, five airstrikes struck one large and two small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying four ISIL structures, two ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL armored excavator,
         an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL VBIED.

     Near Bayji, three airstrikes destroyed an ISIL dump truck, an ISIL excavator and an ISIL
         tanker.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery piece and an ISIL
         fighting position.

     Near Hit, one airstrike struck an ISIL VBIED facility.
     Near Mosul, nine airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units and an ISIL staging area,

         destroying four ISIL heavy machine guns, three ISIL buildings, an ISIL armored vehicle,
         an ISIL excavator and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL buildings,
         two ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL rocket-propelled grenade.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL vehicle,

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

         destroying two ISIL buildings, two ISIL heavy machine guns and two ISIL mortar
         systems.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
