                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

November 06, 2015
Release # 20151106-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 5, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine strikes using bomber, fighter,
and attack aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 14 strikes coordinated
with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, and ground-attack
aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

         Near Al Hawl, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed four
             ISIL fighting positions.

         Near Al Hasakah, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed four
             ISIL fighting positions.

         Near Abu Kamal, four strikes struck four ISIL crude oil collection points.

         Iraq

          Near Albu Hayat, one strike struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL
             heavy machine guns, seven ISIL fighting positions, and wounded ISIL fighters.

          Near Fallujah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL tactical
             vehicle, an ISIL anti-air artillery piece, and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

          Near Kisik, one strike suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
          Near Ramadi, four strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

             sniper positions, four ISIL heavy machine guns, two ISIL bunkers, three ISIL fighting
             positions, an ISIL building, an ISIL weapons cache, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
          Near Sinjar, six strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed six ISIL
             fighting positions, two ISIL bunkers, three ISIL assembly areas, and suppressed an ISIL
             mortar position.
          Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike destroyed two ISIL fighting positions and suppressed an
             ISIL heavy machine gun position.

                                                    -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
