                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 13, 2015
Release # 20150913
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 12, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes using attack,
bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 18 airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter,
fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hawl, two airstrikes destroyed seven ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL tank.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kobani, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL artillery piece.
     Near Mar'a, three airstrikes struck an ISIL staging facility and destroyed four ISIL

         buildings an ISIL artillery piece and an ISIL weapons cache.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Fallujah, six airstrikes struck two ISIL VBIED facilities, two ISIL weapons caches,

         an ISIL command and control facility and an ISIL staging area.
     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL truck.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL mortar firing position an

         ISIL rocket firing position and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL
         fighting position.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         fighting positions, two ISIL buildings and an ISIL homemade explosives cache.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL fighting
         positions.
     Near Tuz, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles and
         an ISIL bunker.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                         -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
