                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 20, 2015
Release # 20150220
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 19, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using attack, fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct five
airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted 10 airstrikes in Iraq, using
attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between
8 a.m., Feb. 19, and 8 a.m., Feb. 20, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL mobile oil rig.
     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         fighting positions and an ISIL building.

         Iraq

     Near Haditha, an airstrike destroyed three ISIL boats.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstike struck an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL fighting

         positions, an ISIL armored vehicle, an ISIL building and an ISIL excavator.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

         buildings.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL culvert, an ISIL bunker

         and an ISIL fighting position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France,
Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
