                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 5, 2015
Release # 20150905
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 4, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 25 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike had inconclusive results.
     Near Mar'a, six airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL mortar

         tube, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL weapons cache.
     Near Tal Abyad, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike had inconclusive results.
     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL artillery

         piece, an ISIL building, an ISIL tunnel entrance and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL sniper firing position and destroyed an

         ISIL building.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Hit, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kisik, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL heavy machine gun

         firing position and destroyed an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL light machine gun and an
         ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position, an ISIL armored vehicle and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, seven airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, five ISIL staging areas and
         destroyed an ISIL motorcycle, an ISIL building and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Rawah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL homemade explosives facility.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting
         positions.
     Near Sultan Abdallah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         fighting position.
     Near Tuz, two airstrikes destroyed 48 ISIL fighting positions and two ISIL vehicles.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
