                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 7, 2015
Release # 20150807
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 6, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes using bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted nine
airstrikes coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter-attack, bomber and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    Coalition forces and Iraqi security forces now dictate the pace of operations in the region.

    "The coalition, in coordination with the YPG, has conducted 15 airstrikes in the vicinity of
Al Hasakah this week," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR public affairs officer. "These
airstrikes have had a decimating effect on Daesh terrorists and have allowed the YPG to establish
greater control of the city."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike struck ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL fighting
         positions.

     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL staging area and
         destroyed two ISIL excavators.

     Near Ayn Isa, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL excavator.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         vehicle.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Makhmur, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 23 ISIL

         fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles and two ISIL heavy machine guns.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL rocket system.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL fighting

         positons, two ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL bunker.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL fighting

         positions, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL light machine gun.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
