                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 12, 2015
Release # 20150812
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 11, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes using attack,
bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 10 airstrikes coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter
and fighter-attack aircraft against ISIL targets.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, five airstrikes struck one large and four small ISIL tactical units and
         destroyed 10 ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL bunkers and an ISIL structure.

     Near Aleppo, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL excavator and an ISIL
         staging area and destroyed an ISIL excavator.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL bridge.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL heavy machine gun firing positions.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         homemade explosives cache.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL mortar

         firing position.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL IED.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL light machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
