                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 10, 2015
Release # 20150510
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 9, and 8 a.m., May 10, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted nine airstrikes using bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military
forces conducted 17 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "Coalition airstrikes are targeting Daesh forces in northern Syria," said Brig. Gen. Thomas
Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "These strikes continue to support Kurdish forces who are
making significant territorial gains against Daesh, as well as removing fighters and military
capabilities from these terrorists."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, six airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying six ISIL
         fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL structure and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL fighting
         positons.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL staging area and multiple ISIL fighting
         positions.

     Near Bayji, six airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL structures,
         an ISIL VBIED, an ISIL staging area, an ISIL armored vehicle and an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL heavy machine
         gun and an ISIL building.

     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL fighting
         positions.

     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying four ISIL buildings and
         two ISIL heavy machine guns.

     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical unit and an
         ISIL heavy machine gun, destroying four ISIL buildings.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
