                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 2, 2015
Release # 20150602
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., June 1, and 8 a.m., June 2, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted five airstrikes using bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military
forces conducted 10 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter
and bomber aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    "Coalition strikes compliment ground force activities against Daesh across Iraq and Syria,"
said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Coalition advise and assist elements
and build partner capacity trainers remain an essential component of our partner's ability to be
successful in an environment of non-linearity."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck three large and one small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying two ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL command and control facility, an ISIL
         mortar system, an ISIL truck and an ISIL weapons cache.

     Near Kobani, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike had inconclusive results.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and land features denying ISIL a

         tactical advantage, destroying an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck three ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL buildings

         and three ISIL heavy machine guns.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL mortar

         system.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the

                                                           -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
