                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 7, 2015
Release # 20151007-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 6, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three strikes using fighter aircraft.
Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 20 strikes coordinated with and in support
of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL
targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria
              Near Abu Kamal, three strikes struck two separate ISIL crude oil collection
                  points.

         Iraq
              Near Habbaniya, one strike destroyed two ISIL rocket rails.
              Near Kirkuk, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two
                  ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL fighting position.
              Near Kisik, three strikes suppressed two ISIL rocket positions, an ISIL mortar
                  position, and an ISIL sniper position.
              Near Makhmur, one strike suppressed an ISIL heavy machine gun position.
              Near Mosul, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL
                  heavy machine guns and three ISIL fighting positions and suppressed an ISIL
                  rocket position and an ISIL mortar position.
              Near Ramadi, five strikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed
                  three ISIL fighting positions, three ISIL weapons caches, two ISIL buildings, an
                  ISIL bunker, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
              Near Sinjar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy
                  machine gun and two ISIL fighting positions.
              Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike suppressed an ISIL rocket position.
              Near Tal Afar, two strikes destroyed an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL trench, and
                  an ISIL berm and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
              Near Tikrit, one strike destroyed four ISIL obstacles.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations
which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
