                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 12, 2015
Release # 20150412
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                    Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 11, and 8 a.m., April 12, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted three airstrikes, using bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, Coalition
military forces conducted 10 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using fighter,
attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "Deliberate strikes in Mosul continue to degrade Daesh and set the conditions for future
operations," said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR Chief of Staff. "The Coalition will
continue to apply pressure on Daesh elements throughout all of Iraq as we make steady progress
in degrading and dismantling Daesh's military capabilities in support of the Government of
Iraq."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, three airstrikes destroyed seven ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck an ISIL large and small tactical unit, destroyed two ISIL
         excavators, two ISIL armored vehicles, an ISIL tank and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL weapons cache, an ISIL
         storage facility and an ISIL weapons storage facility.

     Near Ramadi, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL building.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S. -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
