                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 29, 2015
Release # 20150729
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 28, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 11 airstrikes
coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter-attack and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
         fighting positions.

     Near Idlib, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         vehicle.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles
         and an ISIL VBIED.

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         structure.

     Near Haditha, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL tunnel entrance.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         armored vehicle, an ISIL structure and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun and an ISIL fighting position.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.

    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

    Separately, on July 28 near Salqin, Syria, U.S. military forces conducted one airstrike against
a network of veteran al-Qaida operatives, sometimes called the "Khorasan Group," who are
plotting external attacks against the United States and our allies. The airstrike struck a tactical
unit and destroyed a vehicle.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
