                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 16, 2015
Release # 20150716
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 15, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 15 airstrikes using bomber, fighter
and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16 airstrikes
approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using bomber, attack, fighter-attack and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Airstrikes continue to degrade Daesh tactical equipment and units to facilitate ISF
operations in the vicinity of Ramadi," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR Chief of Public
Affairs. "Coalition Forces are committed to supporting ISF in their fight against Daesh."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL tank and
         destroyed an ISIL vehicle and two ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes destroyed four ISIL towed artillery pieces, three ISIL
         bunkers and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Ar Raqqah, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL structure and an
         ISIL checkpoint and destroyed an ISIL excavator and two ISIL vehicles.

     Near Ayn Isa, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL fighting position
         and destroyed three ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Tal Abyad, two airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units and destroyed five
         ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL staging area.

         Iraq

     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL heavy
         machine gun, an ISIL weapons cache, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL mortar
         system.

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL vehicle and
         destroyed two ISIL vehicles.

     Near Kirkuk, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL fighting
         positions.

     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL heavy machine gun

         position and destroyed an ISIL bunker.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL IED, an
         ISIL vehicle and two ISIL armored personnel carriers.

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit destroying an ISIL heavy
         machine gun, an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL command and control center and an ISIL
         building.

     Near Tal Afar, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, and two ISIL heavy machine
         guns and destroyed an ISIL building and an ISIL tunnel.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
