                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 29, 2015
Release # 20150829
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 28, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes using bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 15
airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         bunkers, an ISIL air defense artillery system, an ISIL mortar position and an ISIL rocket
         launcher.

     Near Al Hawl, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL artillery piece and an ISIL excavator.
     Near Washiyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL boats and two ISIL IED caches.
     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL vehicles,

         an ISIL building, an ISIL excavator and an ISIL mortar tube.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL resupply vehicle.
     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and two ISIL heavy machine guns.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar firing position

         and destroyed two ISIL light machine guns, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL
         weapons cache.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL heavy machine gun firing position.
     Near Tuz, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL armored
         vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
