                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 24, 2015
Release # 20150824
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 23, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes using bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 12
airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three strikes destroyed three ISIL excavators and an ISIL bunker.
     Near Al Hawl, two airstrikes struck an ISIL crude oil collection point and destroyed three

         ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL trench.
     Near Ayn Isa, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         motorcycles and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Washiyah, one airstrike destroyed three ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL bunkers,

         two ISIL tunnels and an ISIL front end loader.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building
         and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL mortar
         system.

     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck and suppressed an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Qayyarah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL buildings

         and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sultan Abdallah, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed three

         ISIL fighting positions and two ISIL heavy machine guns.
     Near Tuz, three airstrikes destroyed nine ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles and

         an ISIL weapons cache.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
