                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 27, 2015
 Release # 20151127-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 26, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 18 strikes coordinated with and in
 support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, ground attack and remotely
 piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Iraq

     Near Fallujah, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL rocket rail, an
         ISIL fighting position, an ISIL improvised explosive device (IED) cache, and an ISIL
         command and control node.

     Near Kisik, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting positions
         and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Ramadi, seven strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL
         buildings, two ISIL command and control nodes, an ISIL staging area, an ISIL heavy machine
         gun, an ISIL fighting position, seven ISIL boats, an ISIL bed-down location, an ISIL out post,
         cratered an ISIL used road, and denied ISIL access to terrain.

     Near Sinjar, five strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL vehicle,
         an ISIL fighting position, and suppressed an ISIL rocket position.

     Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Tal Afar, one strike struck an ISIL vehicle borne IED facility.

                                                      -MORE-
                                            For additional information contact:

                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                             COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
