                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

November 07, 2015
Release # 20151107-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 6, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five strikes using bomber, fighter,
and attack aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 15 strikes coordinated
with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, and attack aircraft against
ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

         Near Al Hawl, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
             position, seven ISIL structures, and three ISIL trenches.

         Near Dayr Az Zawr, one strike struck an ISIL petroleum storage tank.
         Near Mar'a, two strikes destroyed an ISIL excavator and an ISIL logistical facility.

         Iraq

          Near Fallujah, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
          Near Kisik, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
          Near Mosul, one strike suppressed an ISIL rocket position.
          Near Ramadi, four strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL rocket

             propelled grenade position, an ISIL weapons cache, four ISIL vehicle borne improvised
             explosive devices, six ISIL heavy machine guns, 11 ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL
             tunnel, an ISIL tactical vehicle, an ISIL anti-tank weapon, two ISIL buildings, damaged
             one ISIL building, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
          Near Sinjar, six strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed six ISIL
             fighting positions, an ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL light machine gun, an ISIL
             weapons cache and suppressed two ISIL mortar positions.
          Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy
             machine gun and an ISIL fighting position.
          Near Tal Afar, one strike suppressed an ISIL mortar position.

                                                    -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
