                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 11, 2015
Release # 20150211
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 10, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using bomber, attack and fighter aircraft to conduct four
airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes in Iraq,
using fighter, attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took
place between 8 a.m., Feb. 10, and 8 a.m., Feb. 11, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Dayr az Zawr, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck multiple ISIL storage and staging facilities.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         fighting positions and an ISIL checkpoint.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes destroyed an ISIL bulldozer and an ISIL building.
     Near Fallujah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition
nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
