                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

January 16, 2015
Release # 2015016
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Jan. 15, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using bomber and fighter aircraft to conduct six airstrikes.
Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted five airstrikes in Iraq, using
attack and fighter aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m.,
Jan. 15, and 8 a.m., Jan. 16, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, six airstrikes destroyed two ISIL staging positions and nine ISIL
         fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Ramadi, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL barge and four ISIL boats.
     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike struck an ISIL building.
     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck two ISIL mortar firing positions.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL mortar firing position and an ISIL

         fighting position.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and
the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations
conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the
United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
