                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 4, 2015
Release # 20150804
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 3, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using fighter,
fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 16 airstrikes coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter-attack,
bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    Coalition's airstrikes continue to destroy and degrade ISIL tactical and combat equipment
within the region.

    "The Bayji airstrikes are a great example of directly supporting ISF in an urban fight that is
hotly contested. In areas like Bayji, it is important to note that coalition forces have implemented
significant mitigation measures within the targeting process and during the conduct of operations
to reduce the potential of civilian casualties and collateral damage," said Col. Michael Indovina,
CJTF-OIR public affairs spokesman. "Our overall strategy has not changed: coalition airstrikes
will provide maximum support to the defeat of Daesh."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL
         fighting positions.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
         checkpoints.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL building and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL machine

         guns.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL rocket launcher, an ISIL tank, an ISIL

         vehicle, two ISIL excavators, an ISIL bunker and an ISIL observation post.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed five ISIL IEDs

         and an ISIL supply trailer.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun, three ISIL light machine guns and five ISIL fighting positions.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed 11 ISIL
         bunkers, three ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL light machine gun and an ISIL heavy
         machine gun.

     Near Tuz, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar position.
    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
