                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 22, 2015
Release # 20150322
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 21, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using bomber and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct four airstrikes. Separately in Iraq,
U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted five airstrikes approved by the Iraq Ministry of
Defense, using attack and fighter aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8
a.m., March 21, and 8 a.m., March 22, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:
         Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, an airstrike destroyed an armored personnel carrier.
     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, three ISIL vehicles and

         destroyed three ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes destroyed two ISIL excavators and an ISIL shipping

         container.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrike destroyed an ISIL homemade explosive cache, an ISIL heavy

         machine gun and an ISIL building.
         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
