                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 19, 2015
Release # 20150719
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 18, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16 airstrikes
approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter-attack, bomber and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, eight airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and seven ISIL small
         tactical units and destroyed six ISIL fighting positions, three ISIL vehicles, two ISIL
         weapons caches an ISIL VBIED and a bunker system.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike destroyed eight ISIL T-walls.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
         tunnels and an ISIL building.

     Near Makhmur, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL building.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar and destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Ramadi, six airstrikes struck four ISIL small tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         IEDs, three ISIL tanks, three ISIL armored personnel carriers, an ISIL vehicle, two ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL weapons cache.
     Near Sinjar, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL light
         machine guns, six ISIL buildings and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL
         bunkers, two ISIL buildings and an ISIL light machine gun.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.

    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
