                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 9, 2015
Release # 20150709
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 8, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes using bomber,
fighter-attack, and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 14 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter-attack,
bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "The coalition is committed to diminishing Daesh's military capacity," said Brig. Gen. Kevin
Killea, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Our disciplined targeting process and strike execution remain
relentless in seeking out and prosecuting Daesh targets."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Bukamal, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL vehicle and

         two ISIL bunkers.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck 20 ISIL staging areas.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, and an ISIL tactical unit

         destroying two ISIL fighting positions and three ISIL structures.
     Near Tal Abyad, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed three ISIL

         fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, two airstrikes denied ISIL a tactical advantage and suppressed ISIL
         sniper fire.

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL mortar,

         an ISIL tunnel entrance, an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL recoilless rifle and two ISIL
         bunkers.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck three ISIL staging areas.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL building and eight ISIL vehicles.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck two ISIL excavators.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit, and an ISIL tactical unit,
         destroying an ISIL heavy machine gun, two ISIL vehicles and an ISIL C2 Node.

     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed an ISIL bunker.
    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
