                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 6, 2015
Release # 20150506
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

        Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Iraq
between 8 a.m., May 5, and 8 a.m., May 6, local time. In Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 11 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "The coalition continues to demonstrate its ability to strike Daesh unimpeded," said Brig.
Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "The coalition takes every possible measure
during the targeting process to mitigate possible risk to civilians, while maximizing the effects
on Daesh."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     CJTF-OIR conducted no airstrikes in Syria between 8 a.m., May 5, and 8 a.m., May 6,
         local time.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and two ISIL staging
         areas, destroying an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck one large and two small ISIL tactical units, destroying
         five ISIL fighting positions, eight ISIL structures, six ISIL fuel tanks, three ISIL VBIEDS
         and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL buildings and
         an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical units, destroying
         four ISIL structures and an ISIL mortar system.

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL fighting
         positions and three ISIL buildings.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
