                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 31, 2015
Release # 20150831
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 30, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted one airstrike using fighter aircraft.
Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 11 airstrikes coordinated with the
government of Iraq using attack, fighter, fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL
targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hawl, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL homemade explosives cache and an
         ISIL resupply boat.

     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL
         vehicles and an ISIL barge.

     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL IEDs and an
         ISIL vehicle.

     Near Ramadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL mortar system.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions, an ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL light machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sultan Abdallah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         fighting positions, two ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL excavator.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL heavy machine gun firing position.
     Near Tuz, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
