                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 9, 2015
Release # 20150609
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 8. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes using bomber and fighter
aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 14 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi
Ministry of Defense using attack and fighter aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    "The Coalition employs a detailed process involving technical and tactical means to verify
the results of each airstrike executed," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public
affairs. "This allows the Coalition, with relative certainty, to provide post-strike analysis of the
impact and effect each strike is having on Daesh terrorists and their capabilities."

      The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL
         fighting positions.

     Near Kobani, six airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroying three resupply
         boats, an ISIL excavator, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL structures.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck two ISIL heavy machine guns.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar firing

         position, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL mortar firing

         position, destroying two ISIL buildings, two ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL heavy
         machine gun and an ISIL mortar system.
     Near Tal Afar, four airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying five ISIL
         buildings, an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL rocket system
         and an ISIL rocket propelled grenade.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
