                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 December 09, 2015
 Release # 20151209-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Dec. 8, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
 Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted four strikes using fighter, bomber,
 and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 22 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using rocket artillery and fighter,
 bomber, attack, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one strike struck an ISIL oil well-head.
     Near Mar'a, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL mortar system.
     Near Abu Kamal, one strike struck an ISIL oil well-head.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL checkpoint.

Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one strike destroyed four ISIL bunkers and seven ISIL trenches.
     Near Albu Hayat, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles, two

         ISIL rockets, and an ISIL weapons cache.
     Near Kirkuk, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun,

         two ISIL fighting positions, and suppressed an ISIL mortar system.
     Near Kisik, one strike destroyed four ISIL rockets.
     Near Mosul, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Qayyarah, seven strikes struck an ISIL logistical facility, an ISIL training facility, an

         ISIL weapons cache, an ISIL weapons storage facility, two ISIL staging areas, an ISIL tactical
         unit, and destroyed an ISIL bunker.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                     COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

    Near Ramadi, four strikes struck three separate large ISIL tactical units and destroyed three
       ISIL bed down locations, two ISIL light machine guns, two ISIL heavy machine guns, an ISIL
       recoilless rifle, four ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL tactical vehicle, three ISIL buildings, four
       ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive devices (VBIED), an ISIL VBIED factory, an ISIL
       staging area, an ISIL compound, an ISIL resupply location, two ISIL command and control
       nodes, and denied ISIL access to terrain.

    Near Sinjar, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
       fighting positions, an ISIL heavy machine gun, and immobilized an ISIL vehicle.

    Near Al Baghdadi, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building.
    Near Fallujah, one strike destroyed an ISIL homemade explosives cache, an ISIL bed down

       location, and a VBIED factory.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, and
the United States.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                    COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
