                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 4, 2015
Release # 20150604
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., June 3, and 8 a.m., June 4, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted eight airstrikes using bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq,
coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense
using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    "The application of Coalition pressure on Daesh C2, logistics and tactical-level terrorists
continues," said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "The cumulative effect of
this pressure is advancing the incapacitation of Daesh systematically."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units, destroying seven
         ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Ar Raqqah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying six ISIL
         excavators and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and two ISIL mortar positions,
         destroying an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL structure.
     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage,

         destroying an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike had inconclusive results.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL excavator.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying three ISIL heavy

         machine guns, three ISIL buildings and two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL heavy

         machine guns and two ISIL buildings.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
