                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 19, 2015
Release # 201510019-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 18, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted one strike using fighter aircraft.
Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17 strikes coordinated with and in support
of the Government of Iraq using rocket artillery and bomber, fighter, attack, and remotely piloted
aircraft ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Manbij, one strike destroyed three ISIL tactical vehicles.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL bunker
         and wounded an ISIL fighter.

     Near Bayji, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         mortar system.

     Near Fallujah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL weapons
         cache, an ISIL building, and an ISIL mortar system.

     Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle and
         wounded an ISIL fighter.

     Near Ramadi, four strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL
         fighting positions, four ISIL buildings, four ISIL heavy machine guns, two ISIL vehicles,
         and denied ISIL access to terrain.

     Near Sinjar, four strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed 17 ISIL
         fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL assembly area, and two ISIL command and
         control nodes.

     Near Tal Afar, four strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle, four
         ISIL fighting positions, and wounded an ISIL fighter.

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
Separately, on October 15 near Aleppo, Syria, U.S. military forces conducted one airstrike
against a network of veteran al Qa'ida operatives, sometimes called the "Khorasan Group," who
are plotting external attacks against the United States and our allies. This strike was previously
reported as an ISIL strike
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations
which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
