                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 25, 2015
Release # 20150825
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 24, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 31 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL bunker, an ISIL fighting position and
         an ISIL structure.

     Near Al Hawl, one airstrike destroyed nine ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Washiyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, three airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed six
         ISIL rocket rails, an ISIL artillery piece, an ISIL building, an ISIL heavy machine gun, an
         ISIL mortar system, an ISIL rocket system, an ISIL weapons cache and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical units and destroyed
         an ISIL excavator, an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL rocket
         systems.

     Near Kisik, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL sniper firing position
         and destroyed an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Sinjar, four airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL armored vehicle.

     Near Sultan Abdallah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         fighting position.

     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck and suppressed an ISIL heavy machine gun firing
         position.

     Near Tuz, 12 airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and six ISIL staging areas and
         destroyed 57 ISIL fighting positions and three ISIL vehicles.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
