                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 20, 2015
Release # 20150820
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 19, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes using bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 21
airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter and fighter-
attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

         "Coalition airstrikes decimated Daesh fighters last night in the vicinity of the Bayji oil
refinery," said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, chief of staff, CJTF-OIR. "A combination of ISF ground
maneuver and coalition air support continues to cut down Daesh's attempts at reinforcing this
heated fight."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         fighting position, an ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL communications repeater and an
         ISIL staging area.

     Near Aleppo, four airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         fighting positions.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL heavy
         machine guns and an ISIL fighting position.

         Iraq

     Near Ar Rutbah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL staging areas and an ISIL VBIED
         facility.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units and two ISIL buildings and
         destroyed 22 ISIL buildings and nine ISIL vehicles.

     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck one ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
         checkpoints.

     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         fighting positions, an ISIL bunker, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL tunnel
         entrance.

     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL
         buildings and an ISIL armored personnel carrier.

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy
         machine gun.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Tuz, seven airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL vehicles,
         two ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL rocket rails, an ISIL staging area, an ISIL vehicle
         storage area an ISIL VBIED.
         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
