                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 December 08, 2015
 Release # 20151208-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Dec. 7, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
 Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 11 strikes using attack, fighter, and
 remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 20 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using fighter, bomber, and remotely
 piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Al Hawl, five strikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mar'a, five strikes struck five separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL structure

         and wounded two ISIL fighters.

Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, four strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         vehicle, an ISIL tunnel, damaged an ISIL trench, and wounded two ISIL fighters.

     Near Kisik, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL rocket cache.

     Near Mosul, one strike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Ramadi, six strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

         ammo caches, 12 ISIL buildings, an ISIL command and control node, an ISIL sniper position,
         seven ISIL heavy machine guns, four ISIL staging areas, an ISIL mortar system, an ISIL
         tactical vehicle, an ISIL tunnel entrance, seven ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL supply
         caches, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
     Near Sinjar, one strike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Afar, two strikes destroyed three ISIL weapons caches, nine ISIL bunkers, three ISIL
         tunnels, and an ISIL vehicle.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                     COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

    Near Hit, one strike destroyed an ISIL homemade explosives facility and two ISIL vehicle
       borne improvised explosive devices (VBIED).

    Near Qayyarah, two strikes destroyed an ISIL logistics facility and an ISIL VBIED factory.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, and
the United States.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                    COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
