                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 December 05, 2015
 Release # 20151205-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Dec. 4, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
 Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 11 strikes using fighter and remotely
 piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 12 strikes coordinated
 with and in support of the Government of Iraq using fighter, bomber ground-attack and remotely
 piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Al Hawl, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         vehicle borne improvised explosive device (VBIED), and four ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Ayn Isa, one strike produced in inconclusive results.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, three strikes struck an ISIL gas and oil separation plant well-head.
     Near Mar'a, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         building and wounded an ISIL fighter.

Iraq

     Near Habbaniyah, one strike suppressed an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Mosul, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun and two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Ramadi, seven strikes struck five separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         heavy machine gun, an ISIL bunker, two ISIL VBIEDs, 15 ISIL fighting positions, 12 ISIL
         buildings, three ISIL light machine guns, three ISIL RPGs, an ISIL anti-air artillery piece, an
         ISIL assembly area, five ISIL staging areas, an ISIL weapons cache, and denied ISIL access to
         terrain.
     Near Sinjar, one strike destroyed an ISIL VBIED and an ISIL fighting position.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                     COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, and
the United States.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                    COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
