                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 18, 2015
Release # 20150718
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 17, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes using bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 23
airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter-attack and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "The coalition airstrikes targeted Daesh vehicles, weapons and units around Fallujah, Ramadi
and Tal Afar," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "When coalition
assets detect and positively identify Daesh targets, we strike them relentlessly and our strikes
exact a heavy toll on this brutal enemy."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, five airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units and two ISIL small
         tactical units and destroyed two ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL armored vehicle.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike destroyed three ISIL T-walls.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

         fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL anti-
         aircraft artillery weapon.

     Near Habbaniya, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes destroyed two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Ramadi, five airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL small tactical unit

         and three ISIL IEDs and destroyed two ISIL IEDs, five ISIL vehicles and seven ISIL
         fighting positions.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck one ISIL tactical units, an ISIL light machine gun
         position and an ISIL sniper position and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun position
         and an ISIL building.
     Near Tal Afar, ten airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, three staging areas, two
         weapons caches, a command and control center, an ISIL heavy machine gun position and
         suppressed ISIL mortar fire as well as destroying an ISIL building and two ISIL vehicles.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
