                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

October 17, 2015
Release # 201510017-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 16, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted two strikes using remotely piloted
and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 19 strikes coordinated
with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mar'a, one strike destroyed an ISIL staging area.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one strike struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed five ISIL
         buildings, three ISIL fighting positions, three ISIL mortar positions, two ISIL weapons
         caches, an ISIL tactical vehicle, an ISIL heavy machine gun, and an ISIL vehicle-borne
         improvised explosive device (VBIED).

     Near Albu Hayat, one strike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Bayji, one strike destroyed an ISIL artillery piece.
     Near Kisik, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         staging area, two ISIL fighting positions, and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Mosul, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         fighting positions and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Ramadi, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and denied ISIL access to two separate terrain locations.
     Near Sinjar, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         vehicles, seven ISIL fighting positions, 14 ISIL assembly areas, two ISIL supply caches,
         and an ISIL command and control node.
     Near Tal Afar, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed six ISIL
         fighting positions.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

     Near Waleed, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle and
         wounded three ISIL fighters.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Canada, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations
which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi
Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
