                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 3, 2015
Release # 20150303
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 2, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct seven airstrikes. Separately,
U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 2,
and 8 a.m., March 3, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
         motorcycles.

     Near Kobani, six airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed 10 ISIL fighting
         positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed an ISIL boat and
         an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Ramadi, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         Machine Gun.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include, Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
