                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 22, 2015
Release # 20150822
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 21, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five airstrikes using attack and
fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 22 airstrikes coordinated
with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter and fighter-attack and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike destroyed four ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Al Hawl, three airstrikes struck an ISIL bunker and destroyed two ISIL excavators.
     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL weapons cache.
     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical units and terrain

         features denying ISIL a tactical advantage and destroyed five ISIL buildings, two ISIL
         heavy machine guns and two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL boats, an
         ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL mortar system.
     Near Kisik, two airstrikes struck two ISIL staging areas.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, two ISIL rocket firing positions
         and an ISIL mortar firing position and destroyed two ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL
         heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL weapons
         cache.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting
         positions.
     Near Sultan Abdallah, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar firing position and destroyed an
         ISIL fighting position.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL mortar firing positions and destroyed an
         ISIL fighting position and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
     Near Tuz, three airstrikes destroyed 11 ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles and

         ISIL engineer equipment.
         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
