                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 12, 2015
Release # 20150612
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 11. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 10 airstrikes using attack, bomber and
fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 13 airstrikes approved by
the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against
ISIL terrorists.

    "Airstrikes today continue to attack Daesh support zones as well as Daesh tactical units
engaging friendly forces," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs.
"Attacking support zones impacts Daesh morale and their ability to sustain the fight in forward
tactical battle areas."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL
         fighting positions, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL rocket system.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, four airstrikes struck four ISIL crude oil collection points.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL fighting

         position and an ISIL mortar firing position.

         Iraq

     Near Kirkuk, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying three ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL motorcycle.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL checkpoint and an ISIL staging area.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL excavator, an ISIL tank and an ISIL

         artillery piece.
     Near Tal Afar, four airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units and an ISIL rocket,

         destroying five ISIL structures, two ISIL heavy machine guns, an ISIL mortar firing
         position and an ISIL rocket propelled grenade.
     Near Walweed, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL armored vehicle.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

     The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
