                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 21, 2015
Release # 20150321
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 20, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using bomber aircraft to conduct three airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military
forces conducted seven airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft
against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 20, and 8 a.m., March 21,
local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Kobani, three airstrikes destroyed nine ISIL fighting positions, one ISIL vehicle,
         one large ISIL machine gun, and one ISIL machine gun.

Iraq

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes destroyed one ISIL storage facility and neutralized one ISIL
         rocket site, one ISIL RPG position, one ISIL large machine gun, and one ISIL mortar.

     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike destroyed one ISIL fighting position, one ISIL tank and one
         ISIL excavator.

     Near Hit in Al Anbar Province, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Taji, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL armored vehicles.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike destroyed two tactical units.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
