       Combined Joint Task Force

               Operation Inherent Resolve
                        APO AE 09306

November 22, 2015
Release # 20151122-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 21, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine strikes using ground-attack,
attack, fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 16 strikes coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber,
attack, ground-attack, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

       Near Al Hasakah, five strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
       vehicles, three ISIL structures, an ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive device (VBIED),
       damaged an ISIL structure, and wounded ISIL fighters.
    
Iraq   Near Al Hawl, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
       vehicles and wounded ISIL fighters.
       Near Mar'a, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

 Near Haditha, one strike destroyed an ISIL tactical vehicle.
 Near Hit, one strike denied ISIL access to terrain.
 Near Kisik, one strike destroyed an ISIL bunker.
 Near Mosul, one strike destroyed an ISIL artillery piece.
 Near Ramadi, five strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

    IED obstacles, two ISIL fighting positions, six ISIL heavy machine gun positions, two ISIL
    vehicles, three ISIL weapon caches, an ISIL staging area, an ISIL VBIED, cratered an ISIL
    road, suppressed an ISIL rocket position, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
 Near Sinjar, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL mortar
    position and an ISIL checkpoint.
 Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
 Near Tal Afar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
 Near Tikrit, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine
    gun, an ISIL fighting position, and four ISIL vehicles.

                                                    -MORE-

                                      For additional information contact:
                                            CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                              COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                      COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                          https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                     https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
