                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 29, 2015
Release # 20150329
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 28, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using fighter aircraft to conduct an airstrike. Separately in Iraq, Coalition
military forces conducted 14 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense, using attack,
fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place
between 8 a.m., March 28, and 8 a.m., March 29, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Fallujah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles, two ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL building.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL storage facility,

         an ISIL fighting position and destroyed an ISIL building and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Tikrit, six airstrikes struck six ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position and an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery weapon.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
