                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 2, 2015
Release # 20150802
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug 1, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes using fighter, bomber
and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 18 airstrikes
coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter-attack and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL guard

         shack.
     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units and two ISIL small

         tactical units and destroyed three ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL command and
         control center.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL VBIED factory.
     Near Fallujah, four airstrikes struck terrain denying ISIL a tactical advantage and

         destroyed two ISIL vehicles and two ISIL rocket rails.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL bridge.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL VBIED facility

         and destroyed an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL weapons cache, an ISIL

         weapons storage area and an ISIL staging area and destroyed an ISIL bunker.
     Near Ramadi, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL sniper position

         and destroyed an ISIL cache, an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL homemade explosives
         cache and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL heavy
         machine guns and four ISIL fighting positions.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.

                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
