                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 25, 2015
Release # 20150625
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 24. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 13 airstrikes
approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    "Coalition aircrew legerity underpins the success of the air campaign," said Brig. Gen.
Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Their contributions each and every day to this fight
cannot be overstated."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck an ISIL tank.
     Near Tal Abyad, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL road.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL vehicles and

         an ISIL structure.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL bunker.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL fighting position and

         land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck two ISIL staging areas, destroying two ISIL

         vehicles.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL staging areas and an ISIL mortar firing

         position.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

     The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
