                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

September 25, 2015,
Release # 20150925-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Sept. 24, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted one airstrike using fighter aircraft.
Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 21 airstrikes coordinated with and in
support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, fighter-attack, and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL crude oil collection point.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes destroyed 37 ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL rocket rail.
     Near Hit, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed two ISIL vehicles, and

         wounded three ISIL fighters.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kisik, one airstrike suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed four

         ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL cache, and an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Qayyarah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Ramadi, five airstrikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two

         ISIL buildings, an ISIL light machine gun, an ISIL resupply truck, an ISIL dump truck,
         an ISIL cache, and cratered a road to deny ISIL use.
     Near Rawah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed an ISIL heavy machine
         gun, and an ISIL fighting position.

                                                     -MORE-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

     Near Sultan Abdallah, one airstrike suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroyed an ISIL vehicle, and

         wounded an ISIL fighter.
         Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                            -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
