                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

November 03, 2015
Release # 20151103-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 2, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven strikes using fighter, bomber,
and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 15 strikes
coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack,
remotely piloted aircraft, and rocket artillery against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

         Near Al Hasakah, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed six
             ISIL fighting positions.

         Near Mar'a, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
             structure.

         Near Dayr Az Zawr, two strikes struck an ISIL oil pump and destroyed two ISIL front
             end loaders, three ISIL cranes, and an ISIL pump truck.

         Iraq

          Near Al Huwayjah, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
          Near Albu Hayat, one strike struck a large ISIL tactical unit.
          Near Bayji, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL artillery piece.
          Near Habbaniyah, one strike suppressed two ISIL fighting positions.
          Near Kisik, one strike suppressed an ISIL rocket position.
          Near Mosul, three strikes struck an ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive device

             (VBIED) facility, an ISIL IED facility, and an ISIL weapons cache.
          Near Sinjar, four strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

             staging areas, two ISIL headquarters, two ISIL weapons caches, and one ISIL tunnel
             system.
          Near Ramadi, three strikes destroyed two ISIL buildings, two ISIL command and control
             nodes, an ISIL VBIED storage area, damaged an ISIL building, and denied ISIL access to
             terrain.

                                                    -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
