                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 17, 2015
Release # 20150517
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 16, and 8 a.m., May 17, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted eight airstrikes using bomber, attack and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition
military forces conducted 18 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack,
bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, six airstrikes struck one large and two small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying six ISIL fighting positions, four ISIL vehicles, two ISIL heavy machine guns,
         an ISIL armored vehicle, an ISIL motorcycle and an ISIL excavator.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes destroyed two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL VBIED and an ISIL
         building.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying six ISIL fighting
         positions and an ISIL excavator.

     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL
         vehicles, an ISIL building and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck two ISIL staging areas.
     Near Ramadi, seven airstrikes struck one large and five small ISIL tactical units and an

         ISIL IED facility, destroying four ISIL resupply structures, three ISIL fighting positions,
         two ISIL buildings, two ISIL heavy machine guns, an ISIL VBIED and an ISIL
         motorcycle.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building and an
         ISIL VBIED.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL heavy machine guns and two ISIL
         buildings.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate

                                                     -MORE-

the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
