                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 3, 2015
Release # 20150203
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 2, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using fighter aircraft to conduct five airstrikes. Separately, U.S.
and Coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter, and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m.,
Feb. 2, and 8 a.m., Feb. 3, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units.
     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck multiple ISIL oil pump jacks and destroyed

         four ISIL mobile drilling rigs.
     Near Ar Raqqah, an airstrike destroyed three ISIL vehicles and an ISIL building.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed three
         ISIL armored vehicles, an ISIL front end loader and an ISIL building.

     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         vehicle.

     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL bridge and
         destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations
conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the
United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
