                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 13, 2015
Release # 20150313.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 12, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct five airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition
military forces conducted six airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft
against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 12, and 8 a.m., March 13,
local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, five airstrikes destroyed 10 ISIL fighting positions and two ISIL vehicles.
         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery piece.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL armored

         vehicle.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Rawah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
