                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 6, 2015
Release # 20150706
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 5, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes using bomber,
remotely piloted and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 11
airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter, bomber and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

     "Coalition airstrikes continue to destroy Daesh vehicle-borne IEDs, the most recent near
Kirkuk, Iraq," said Lt. Col. Thomas Gilleran, CJTF-OIR spokesman. "Removing these weapons
from the battlefield and the threat they pose to our ISF partners is a high priority for the
coalition."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, five airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL tank,
         six ISIL vehicles, an ISIL building, an ISIL staging position and an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck and destroyed an ISIL armored personnel carrier.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying four ISIL fighting

         positons and an ISIL mortar position.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck and destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying an ISIL

         bunker.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL technical vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying an ISIL heavy

         machine gun, an ISIL VBIED, an ISIL cache and striking an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit destroying an ISIL heavy

         machine gun, an ISIL fighting position and ISIL cache and striking an ISIL fighting
         position.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL excavator and
         an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, and an ISIL tactical unit,
         destroying an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL building.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Separately, near Aleppo, Syria, coalition military forces conducted one airstrike against a
network of veteran al Qa'ida operatives, sometimes called the "Khorasan Group," who are
known to plot external attacks against the United States and our allies. The airstrike struck a
tactical unit and destroyed a vehicle.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom
and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain,
Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
