                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 24, 2015
Release # 20150724
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 23, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 19 airstrikes
approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter-attack, bomber and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Coalition airstrikes in coordination with Iraqi Security Forces continue to destroy ISIL units
and equipment around Iraq," said Col. Mike Indovina, CJTF-OIR spokesman. "The coalition's
persistent attacks reduce ISIL's ability to mass and maneuver forces thereby giving the ISF an
operational advantage."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

    · Near Al Hasakah, six airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and four ISIL small
         tactical units and destroyed an ISIL fighting position, two ISIL structures and an ISIL
         vehicle.

    · Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL structure and
         destroyed an ISIL headquarters, an ISIL logistics hub and an ISIL structure.

         Iraq

    · Near Al Qaim, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
    · Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and terrain denying ISIL a

         tactical advantage and destroyed five ISIL vehicles.
    · Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and three ISIL bridges and

         destroyed an ISIL excavator and an ISIL motorcycle.
    · Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL fighting positions.
    · Near Makhmur, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL building and

         destroyed an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL mortar system, an ISIL weapons cache and four ISIL
         fighting positions.
    · Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL heavy weapon and
         destroyed four ISIL heavy weapons, four ISIL fighting positions and two ISIL bunkers.
    · Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL tanks, six
         ISIL armored vehicles, three ISIL heavy weapons and an ISIL structure.
    · Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL buildings.
    · Near Tal Afar, one airstrikes destroyed four ISIL bunkers.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
