                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 23, 2015
Release # 20150423
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 22, and 8 a.m., April 23, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted five airstrikes using attack, fighter and bomber aircraft. Separately in Iraq,
Coalition military forces conducted 16 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using
fighter, attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "The Coalition struck Daesh forces in nine different locations across Iraq and Syria," said
Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR Chief of Public Affairs. "We are working very closely with our
partners to find and strike Daesh with precision fires."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL fighting
         positions.

     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL fighting
         positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL command and
         control facility.

     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and two ISIL Stryker vehicles,

         destroying an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL armored vehicle.
     Near Fallujah, five airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building.
     Near Mosul, three airstrikes struck an ISIL security headquarters, destroying an ISIL

         excavator.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL sniper

         position, an ISIL house-borne IED and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, an airstrike destroyed three ISIL buildings and three ISIL fighting positions.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
