                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 18, 2015
Release # 20150518
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 17, and 8 a.m., May 18, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted six airstrikes using bomber and attack aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military
forces conducted 19 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "Coalition airstrikes continued across Iraq including eight strikes in Ramadi," said Col.
Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "We're continuing to monitor reports of the
fluid and contested situation in and around Ramadi. We have always known the fight would be
long and difficult, particularly in Anbar. The Coalition continues to coordinate with GOI forces
and provide requested support to their ongoing operations."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, six airstrikes struck one large and three small ISIL tactical units,
         destroying 14 ISIL vehicles, five ISIL fighting positions and three ISIL armored vehicles.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL fighting

         position and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL fighting

         positions, two ISIL armored personnel carriers and two ISIL armored vehicles.
     Near Ramadi, eight airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and three ISIL buildings,

         destroying four ISIL fighting positions, five ISIL buildings, two ISIL armored vehicles,
         two ISIL mortar positions, an ISIL armored personnel carrier, an ISIL ammunition
         structure, and an ISIL command and control facility.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL sniper position,
         destroying six ISIL buildings and six ISIL heavy machine guns.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL building, an ISIL excavator, an ISIL
         heavy machine gun and an ISIL VBIED.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
