                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 21, 2015
 Release # 20151121-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 20, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 22 strikes using attack, ground-
 attack, fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
 conducted 20 strikes coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber,
 attack, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

       Near Abu Kamal, one strike struck an ISIL crude oil collection point.
       Near Al Hasakah, four strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

           building, an ISIL vehicle borne explosive device (VBIED), and four ISIL vehicles.
       Near Al Hawl, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units.
       Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL checkpoint.
       Near Dayr Ar Zawr, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles.
       Near Mar'a, 13 strikes struck 12 separate ISIL tactical units and an ISIL headquarters and

           destroyed four ISIL fighting positions, three ISIL buildings, an ISIL heavy machine gun, an
           ISIL staging area, damaged an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL building, and wounded an
           ISIL fighter.

Iraq

       Near Albu Hayat, one strike struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL
           buildings.

       Near Bayji, one strike destroyed an ISIL tactical vehicle.
       Near Kisik, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position,

           an ISIL vehicle, and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
       Near Mosul, four strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed five ISIL

           fighting positions, three ISIL heavy machine guns, an ISIL bunker, and an ISIL vehicle.
       Near Qayyarah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL weapons cache

           and three ISIL fighting positions.
                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                             COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

      Near Ramadi, six strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
          command and control facility, 15 ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL buildings, five ISIL
          heavy machine guns, an ISIL recoilless rifle, an ISIL mortar system, an ISIL IED facility, an
          ISIL resupply warehouse, and denied ISIL access to terrain.

      Near Sinjar, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL heavy
          machine gun, an ISIL fighting position, and an ISIL checkpoint.

      Near Sultan Abdallah, two strikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
          assembly areas.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
