                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

November 01, 2015
Release # 20151101-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Oct. 31, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine strikes using fighter, ground-
attack, and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16
strikes coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, attack, ground-
attack, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

           Near Al Hawl, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two
             ISIL vehicles and wounded an ISIL fighter.

           Near Mar'a, six strikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed seven ISIL
             fighting positions, an ISIL mortar system, an ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive
             device (VBIED), and wounded two ISIL fighters.

         Iraq

          Near Al Huwayjah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
             checkpoint.

          Near Bayji, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
          Near Mosul, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

             positions and two ISIL artillery pieces.
          Near Ramadi, three strikes struck two separate tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

             rocket rails, an ISIL trench, 10 ISIL fighting positions, eight ISIL buildings, suppressed
             an ISIL fighting position, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
          Near Sinjar, seven strikes struck six separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed six ISIL
             fighting positions, two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL VBIED, an ISIL homemade explosives
             cache, an ISIL assembly area, wounded an ISIL fighter and suppressed an ISIL mortar
             position.
          Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike destroyed an ISIL excavator.

                                                    -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

          Near Tal Afar, one strike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
