                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 17, 2015
Release # 20150917
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 16, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted one airstrike using remotely
piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 21 airstrikes coordinated
with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical units, an ISIL

         backhoe, an ISIL tunnel and destroyed 14 ISIL vehicles, three ISIL support positions, and
         an ISIL armored bulldozer.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL rocket rail.
     Near Kirkuk, two airstrikes struck two ISIL mortar firing positions.
     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.
     Near Mosul, eight airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units and destroyed 35 ISIL fighting
         positions, three ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL armored vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL VBIED and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and struck two ISIL mortar firing
         positions and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

                                                      -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                         -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
