                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 10, 2015
Release # 20150810
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 9, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes using bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 21
airstrikes coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Our airstrikes against Daesh in northern Syria have resulted in the loss of approximately
17,000 square kilometers by Daesh," said Col. Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR public affairs officer.
"Anti-ISIL forces and coalition airstrikes have freed many from the barbarism of Daesh, denied
Daesh a safe haven and has provided Iraqi forces the needed time and space to regenerate combat
power and go on the offensive."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, five airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISIL
         fighting positions, two ISIL bunkers, two ISIL structures, an ISIL excavator and an ISIL
         supply truck.

     Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Tal Abyad, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL bunker.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL homemade explosives factory.
     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck two large and one small ISIL tactical unit and destroyed

         three ISIL vehicles and two ISIL structures.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL bunker, an

         ISIL vehicle and an ISIL weapons cache.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Makhmur, four airstrikes struck two ISIL staging areas and destroyed 19 ISIL

         fighting positions.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL caches and

         an ISIL building.
     Near Ramadi, five airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL

         vehicles, an ISIL building, an ISIL homemade explosives resupply trailer, an ISIL IED
         and an ISIL VBIED.

                                                            -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL tunnel system.

     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL heavy machine gun firing position and an
         ISIL mortar firing position.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
