                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 20, 2015
Release # 20150720
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 19, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 14 airstrikes
approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter-attack, bomber and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Coalition precision airstrikes continue to degrade key Daesh capabilities across our area of
operations, from Ar Raqqah to Mosul to Ramadi," said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, CJTF-OIR chief
of staff. "These coalition strikes against Daesh tactical units erode the terrorists' ability to
conduct large scale offensive operations; moreover, these air strikes significantly enhance the
ISF ability to maneuver throughout the battle space and advance on Daesh strongholds. Ramadi
is a good example of this. After only one week, nearly all of the ISF forces have advanced to a
point expected by Iraqi leadership for this phase of the operation. This is significant considering
the heavy fighting and complex obstacle and IED belts encountered by the ISF. No doubt
coalition air power has contributed greatly to the progress of the Ramadi operation."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL bunker.

     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL
         vehicles and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Ar Raqqah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL VBIED
         production facility and destroyed an ISIL vehicle and six ISIL mine field sections.

     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL vehicle
         and an ISIL fighting position.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         recoilless rifle and an ISIL tunnel in support of the 1st Iraqi Infantry Division.
     Near Habbaniyah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         vehicles.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL weapons

         cache and an ISIL tank.
                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, six airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL rocket firing position,

         an ISIL machine gun, and an ISIL mortar position and destroyed four ISIL bunkers, two
         ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL machine guns, and an ISIL tunnel.
    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
