                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 18, 2015
Release # 20150218
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 17, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, using fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct two airstrikes. Separately, U.S.
and Coalition military forces conducted 14 airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., Feb. 17, and 8 a.m.
Feb. 18, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck multiple ISIL oil pump jacks.
     Near Kobani, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed five ISIL fighting

         positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed an ISIL mortar
         tube and an ISIL staging area.

     Near Al Qaim, three airstrikes destroyed an ISIL checkpoint, an ISIL bulldozer and an
         ISIL vehicle.

     Near Bayji, an airstike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Kirkuk, three airstrikes destroyed an ISIL armored vehicle, an ISIL heavy machine

         gun, an ISIL vehicle and two ISIL excavators.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, three ISIL fighting positions and

         destroyed an ISIL excavator and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL

         buildings and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France,
Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
