                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

January 10, 2015
Release # 2015010
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Jan. 9, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using attack, fighter, and bomber aircraft to conduct 12 airstrikes.
Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted three airstrikes in Iraq, using
attack, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place
between 8 a.m., Jan. 9, and 8 a.m., Jan. 10, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, 11 airstrikes struck two large ISIL units and one ISIL tactical unit,
         and destroyed an ISIL building and 15 fighting positions.

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike destroyed two ISIL guard facilities.

         Iraq

     Near Erbil, an airstrike struck an ISIL controlled bridge.
     Near Ramadi, an airstrike destroyed a ISIL armored vehicle and semi-truck.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck a ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two fighting

         positions.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and
the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations
conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the
United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
