                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 27, 2015
Release # 20150527
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 26, and 8 a.m., May 27, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted seven airstrikes using attack and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military
forces conducted 10 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter
and bomber aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

"Peshmerga forces, enabled by the Coalition, continue to repel Daesh harassing attack near
Sinjar," said Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Daesh forces executing
these attacks are repeatedly attritted in detail."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL
         fighting position and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Ar Raqqah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL training camp and an ISIL staging area.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL armored personnel carriers.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, one airstrike struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying four ISIL vehicles.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL building, an

         ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage,

         destroying an ISIL armored personnel carrier.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL headquarters and an

         ISIL mortar position, destroying five ISIL heavy machine guns, three ISIL buildings, an
         ISIL armored personnel carrier, an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery piece and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar position and an ISIL sniper position.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
