                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 17, 2015
Release # 20150817
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 16, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 13 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

         "Coalition airstrikes and the ISF have produced devastating results against Daesh
terrorists in the vicinity of the Bayji oil refinery," said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, chief of staff,
CJTF-OIR. "The area remains contested, but we have disrupted Daesh's freedom of movement
and they have suffered significant personnel losses in their counterattacks."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         fighting positions.

     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL fighting
         positions and an ISIL anti-tank weapon.

     Near Kobani, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL mortar firing position.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, one airstrike struck an ISIL checkpoint.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and destroyed nine ISIL

         vehicles, seven ISIL buildings and three ISIL VBIEDs.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL mortar

         systems and an ISIL mortar cache.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL weapons cache.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun and an ISIL rocket firing position.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         heavy machine guns, an ISIL building, an ISIL VBIED and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL heavy machine gun

         firing position and destroyed three ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL heavy machine gun
         and an ISIL light machine gun.
     Near Tuz, one airstrike destroyed 10 ISIL fighting positions.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
