                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 18, 2015
 Release # 20151118-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 17, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 13 strikes using attack, fighter, and
 bomber aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16 strikes coordinated
 with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, attack, and fighter aircraft against
 ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

       Near Abu Kamal, two strikes struck two ISIL oil and gas separation plants.
       Near Al Hasakah, four strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 13 ISIL buildings,

           an ISIL bunker, and an ISIL fighting position.
       Near Al Hawl, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL building and

           four ISIL fighting positions.
       Near Ar Raqqah, four strikes struck three ISIL headquarters and an ISIL bivouac.

Iraq

       Near Kisik, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed five ISIL fighting
           positions, two ISIL bunkers, two ISIL weapons caches, and suppressed an ISIL mortar
           position.

       Near Mosul, four strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL staging area, an ISIL
           headquarters and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL fighting
           position, and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.

       Near Ramadi, six strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed four ISL
           vehicle borne improvised explosive devices (VBIED), 29 ISIL fighting positions, six ISIL
           vehicles, 16 ISIL machine gun positions, three ISIL tactical vehicles, four ISIL VBIED
           staging areas, an ISIL bulldozer, five ISIL weapons caches, an ISIL building, an ISIL
           staging area, and denied ISIL access to terrain.

       Near Sinjar, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                             COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

      Near Sultan Abdallah, two strikes suppressed an ISIL rocket position and an ISIL mortar
          position.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

The strike release published on Nov. 16 includes a French strike listed as "Near Ar Raqqah, one
strike struck an ISIL storage depot." After further coordination with the French Ministry of Defense,
we have determined that France conducted two separate strikes on two different targets. The first
target was an ISIL storage depot and the second strike against an ISIL command and control node.

A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
