                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

May 23, 2015
Release # 20150523
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., May 22, and 8 a.m., May 23, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted five airstrikes using attack, bomber and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition
military forces conducted 22 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack,
bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "The Coalition struck Daesh across the depth of our operations area," said Brig. Gen.
Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "The cumulative effects of operational and tactical-
level targeting are impacting Daesh fighting capacity."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes destroyed seven ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL tank
         and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL semi-
         truck.

     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck a large ISIL large tactical unit, destroying six ISIL
         fighting positions.

     Near Tadmur, one airstrike destroyed six ISIL anti-aircraft artillery systems and an ISIL
         artillery piece.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Bayji, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL vehicles, an

         ISIL command and control facility, an ISIL structure and an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL structure and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL building

         and an ISIL mortar system.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL checkpoint,

         destroying two ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL
         building.
     Near Ramadi, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying multiple heavy
         machine guns, two ISIL VBIEDs, two ISIL vehicles, an ISIL fighting position, and three
         armored vehicles and a tank in ISIL controlled territory.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL buildings and
         an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying four ISIL heavy
         machine guns, two ISIL buildings and two ISIL fighting positions.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
