                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 15, 2015
Release # 20150815
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 14, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted five airstrikes using bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 15
airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter, fighter-attack
and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed six ISIL
         excavators, an ISIL heavy machine gun, three ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL
         bulldozer.

     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL fighting
         positions and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one airstrike destroyed three ISIL rocket rails and an ISIL weapons
         cache.

     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL vehicles and
         an ISIL bunker.

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike had inconclusive results.
     Near Haditha, three airstrikes struck an ISIL command and control facility and two ISIL

         staging areas.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar firing position.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar firing position.
     Near Mosul, one airstrike destroyed six ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Ramadi, five airstrikes struck two large and one small ISIL tactical units and

         destroyed four ISIL buildings, three ISIL IEDs an ISIL truck, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL
         weapons cache.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
