                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

January 9, 2015
Release # 2015009
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

         Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA - U.S. and partner nation military forces continued to attack ISIL
terrorists in Syria, Jan. 8, using fighter and bomber aircraft to conduct five airstrikes.
Separately, U.S. and partner nation military forces conducted six airstrikes in Iraq, Jan.
8, using fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place
between 8 a.m., Jan. 8, and 8 a.m., Jan. 9, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, five airstrikes struck an ISIL fighting position and two ISIL tactical
         units and destroyed an ISIL building and seven ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL bunker.
     Near Al Asad, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and a large ISIL unit and

         destroyed two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         fighting position, an ISIL vehicle, and an ISIL heavy weapon.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL building and an ISIL tactical unit.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region and the
wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further
limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition
nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada,
Denmark, France, Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations conducting
airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab
Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
