                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 1, 2015
Release # 20150301
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 28, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using remotely piloted aircraft to conduct two airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition
military forces conducted seven airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., Feb. 28, and 8 a.m., Mar. 1,
local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL
         vehicles.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed an ISIL storage
         facility and two ISIL boats.

     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL storage

         containers.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, an ISIL building, an ISIL

         excavator and destroyed an ISIL building.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and the U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
