                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 5, 2015
Release # 20150205
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 4, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct
three airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes
in Iraq, using bomber, attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.
All strikes took place between 8 a.m., Feb. 4, and 8 a.m., Feb. 5, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL staging location.
     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike struck an ISIL bulldozer.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL

         vehicles and an ISIL warehouse.
     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         vehicle.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL staging

         location and seven ISIL vehicles.
     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike denied ISIL key terrain.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition
nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
