                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 December 01, 2015
 Release # 20151201-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 30, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted one strike using remotely piloted
 aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 12 strikes coordinated with and in
 support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft against
 ISIL targets. Coalition military forces conducted one strike in Iraq in support of Coalition
 operations using fighter aircraft.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Al Hawl, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit.

Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Habbaniyah, one strike destroyed an ISIL building.
     Near Makhmur, one strike denied ISIL access to terrain.
     Near Ramadi, five strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions, two ISIL command and control nodes, an ISIL staging area, and an ISIL weapons
         cache, damaged two ISIL command and control nodes, two ISIL buildings, and denied ISIL
         access to terrain.
     Near Sinjar, three strikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed seven ISIL fighting
         positions.
     Near Al Qaim, one strike struck an ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive device (VBIED)
         facility.
     Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike struck inoperable Coalition equipment denying ISIL access
         in support of Coalition operations.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                     COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                    COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
