                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 26, 2015
Release # 20150426.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 25, and 8 a.m., April 26, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted three airstrikes using fighter and attack aircraft. Separately in Iraq, Coalition
military forces conducted 17 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using fighter,
attack, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "The Coalition continues to degrade Daesh military capabilities across the region," said Col.
Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR Chief of Public Affairs. "By working closely with our partners in
Iraq and Syria, these strikes are contributing to their success."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Kobani, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL fighting

         position.

         Iraq

     Near Al Hawayjah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL staging areas and an ISIL tactical
         unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Bayji, six airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL VBIEDs,
         two ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL bunkers, two ISIL structures, an ISIL mortar tube
         and an ISIL warehouse.

     Near Fallujah, five airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroying an ISIL armored
         personnel carrier, an ISIL dump truck, an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL vehicle and an
         ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck an ISIL large tactical unit, destroying an ISIL weapons
         cache and an ISIL tunnel system.

     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
