                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

April 18, 2015
Release # 20150418
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                    Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., April 16, and 8 a.m., April 17, local time. In Syria, Coalition military
forces conducted seven airstrikes using attack and bomber aircraft. Separately in Iraq, Coalition
military forces conducted 13 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using fighter,
attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

"Today's airstrike details highlight that clearly identifiable ISIL units, equipment, leadership and
vehicles will be struck with utmost precision through our dynamic targeting process," said
Combined Joint Task Force Public Affairs Officer Col. Wayne Marotto. "These strikes,
conducted on a daily basis, have lasting results as they degrade ISIL's fighting capability and
allow the ISF the ability to go on the offensive."

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

SYRIA

 Near Kobani, five airstrikes struck five ISIL tactical units and destroyed seven ISIL fighting
    positions.

 Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck one ISIL tactical unit and destroyed one ISIL vehicle.

IRAQ

 Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL fighting
    positions.

 Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and two ISIL heavy machine
    guns, destroyed one other ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL check point and an ISIL
    excavator.

 Near Al Asad, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units, three ISIL vehicles and one
    ISIL excavator.

 Near Fallujah, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL vehicles and one ISIL heavy machine gun.
 Near Sinjar, one airstrike destroyed one ISIL building and struck and ISIL fighting position.
 Near Hit, one airstrike struck one ISIL tactical unit and destroyed one ISIL vehicle.

                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

 Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck one ISIL tactical unit and destroyed one ISIL fighting
    position.

Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
