                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 3, 2015
Release # 20150903
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sep. 2, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes using attack, fighter
and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16 airstrikes
coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

         "The battle to liberate Ramadi continues with Iraqi security forces clearing significant
amounts of explosives and complex obstacles constructed by Daesh," said Brig. Gen. Kevin
Killea, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Yesterday, coalition airstrikes permanently eliminated Daesh
terrorists from the battlefield along with a Daesh tank. This frees up Iraqi explosive ordnance
teams to methodically clear areas in order to completely secure them and prepare for the next
operational phases."

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hawl, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL bunker.
     Near Ar Raqqah, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike struck an ISIL bridge.
     Near Kobani, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL bunker

         entrances.
     Near Mar'a, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL staging area

         and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL light machine gun firing position.
     Near Bayji, two airstrikes destroyed two ISIL excavators.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL boat

         and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Haditha, one airstrike destroyed three ISIL VBIEDs and an ISIL excavator.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL fighting positions and two ISIL mortar

         tubes.
     Near Kisik, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL bunkers.

                                                               -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL observation tower
         and destroyed two ISIL checkpoints, two ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL excavator and
         an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL buildings
         and an ISIL tank.

     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL fighting
         positions, an ISIL artillery piece, an ISIL light machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Tuz, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
