                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 24, 2015
 Release # 20151124-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 23, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 9 strikes using attack, fighter and
 remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using rocket artillery and bomber,
 fighter, attack, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         vehicle borne improvised explosive device (VBIED), an ISIL tactical vehicle, and two ISIL
         vehicles.

     Near Al Hawl, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting
         positions.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL vehicle staging area.
     Near Mar'a, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL tactical vehicle, an

         ISIL artillery piece, and an ISIL fighting position.

Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one strike stuck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL staging area
         and an ISIL building.

     Near Fallujah, two strikes struck a large ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL VBIED and
         three ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Mosul, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting positions
         and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.

     Near Ramadi, eight strikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
         excavator, an ISIL bunker, five ISIL weapons caches, five ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL
         buildings, an ISIL mortar position, an ISIL IED, an ISIL staging area, damaged three ISIL
         entrenchments, and denied ISIL access to terrain.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                             COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

    Near Sinjar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed one ISIL fighting position
       and an ISIL supply cache.

    Near Sultan Abdallah, three strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an
       ISIL light machine gun and three ISIL fighting positions.

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.

The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
