                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

September 30, 2015,
Release # 20150930-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Sept. 29, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted four airstrikes using remotely
piloted, bomber, and fighter aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 26
airstrikes coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter,
attack, fighter-attack, ground-attack, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL excavators.
     Near Washiyah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator and damaged two other ISIL

         excavators.
     Near Palmyra, two airstrikes destroyed two ISIL tactical vehicles.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, eight airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         staging area, 45 ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL buildings, six ISIL vehicles, an ISIL
         trailer, and denied ISIL terrain.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL buildings,
         eight ISIL fighting positions, and five ISIL weapons caches.

     Near Habbaniyah, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy
         machine gun, nine rocket rails, and an ISIL recoilless rifle.

     Near Kirkuk, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 10 ISIL rocket
         rails, an ISIL cache, five ISIL vehicles, and an ISIL VBIED.

     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position, an ISIL cache, and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
                                                         -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes destroyed an ISIL vehicle, two ISIL fighting positions, an
         ISIL obstacle belt, and denied use of an ISIL resupply point.

     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy
         machine gun and two ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Sultan Abdallah, two airstrikes suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
     Tal Afar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL tactical vehicle

         and an ISIL vehicle.
         Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider
international community.
         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the
United States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia,
Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
