                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 26, 2015
Release # 20150226
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 25, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using attack and fighter aircraft to conduct five airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition
military forces conducted nine airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., Feb. 25, and 8 a.m., Feb.
26, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units.
     Near Kobani, an airstrike destroyed four ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, four airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, two ISIL tactical units and
         destroyed two ISIL buildings, an ISIL armored vehicle, an ISIL boat and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike struck an ISIL training camp.
     Near Ar Rutbah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Fallujah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike destroyed two ISIL excavators.
     Near Mosul, an airstrike struck two ISIL excavators.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France,
Jordan, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes
in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
