                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 November 15, 2015
 Release # 20151115-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Nov. 14, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
 in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted six strikes using fighter and
 remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 12 strikes
 coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter and
 remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

       Near Al Hasakah, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
           vehicle.

       Near Ar Raqqah, one strike produced inconclusive results.
       Near Mar'a, one strike destroyed an ISIL improvised explosive device cluster, an ISIL

           fighting position and two ISIL defensive berms.
       Near Al Hawl, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL checkpoint and

           wounded an ISIL fighter.
       Near Dayr Az Zawr, one strike struck an ISIL cash distribution site.

Iraq

       Near Kisik, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL
           vehicle, an ISIL mortar system, suppressed an ISIL light machine gun, and wounded an ISIL
           fighter.

       Near Mosul, one strike suppressed an ISIL heavy machine gun.
       Near Qayyarah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

           position.
       Near Ramadi, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 10 ISIL fighting

           positions, an ISIL cache, two ISIL buildings, an ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive
           device, an ISIL command and control node, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
       Near Sinjar, four strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
           vehicles, an ISIL fighting position, and wounded an ISIL fighter.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                             COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
