                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 16, 2015
Release # 20150816
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 15, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes using attack,
bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 15 airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq using attack, bomber, fighter,
fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed six ISIL
         fighting positions, three ISIL bunkers and two ISIL excavators.

     Near Aleppo, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Ayn Isa, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and an ISIL resupply vehicle.
     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL fighting

         positions.

         Iraq

     Near Al Qaim, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging facility.
     Near Bayji, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL VBIED.
     Near Fallujah, four airstrikes struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage and

         destroyed two ISIL buildings, an ISIL VBIED, two ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL
         obstruction.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed three ISIL
         vehicles and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL mortar
         tube and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, four airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed 10 ISIL
         excavators, six ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL anti-aircraft artillery piece, an ISIL heavy
         machine gun and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical units and
         destroyed seven ISIL buildings and an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed four ISIL fighting
         positions.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.

    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
    Combined Joint Task Force

                 Operation Inherent Resolve
                                 -30-

                 For additional information contact:
                       CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

         COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
  COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                     https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
             https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
