                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 13, 2015
Release # 20150713
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 12, Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted nine airstrikes using bomber,
fighter-attack and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces
conducted 39 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using bomber, attack, fighter-
attack and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Coalition airstrikes support partner ground operations against Daesh; they degrade Daesh
capacity to equip, assemble, plan and finance operations, and prepare defenses," said Lt. Col.
Thomas Gilleran, CJTF-OIR spokesman. "We target Daesh in depth and will continue to strike
them wherever they operate."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, seven airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and five ISIL tactical
         units destroying seven ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL armored
         personnel carrier.

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kobani, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL rocket position.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit destroying two ISIL bunkers,

         an ISIL cache and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Hit, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL rocket position.
     Near Ramadi, 29 airstrikes struck 67 ISIL staging areas destroying two ISIL excavators,

         an ISIL armored personnel carrier, and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and an ISIL tactical unit

         destroying an ISIL personnel carrier, four ISIL buildings and an ISIL light machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, four airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL rocket position,

         suppressing ISIL heavy machine gun fire and destroying an ISIL fuel tanker and an ISIL
         building.

                                                         -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada,
Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
