                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

July 23, 2015
Release # 20150723
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On July 22, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes using fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 11 airstrikes
approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, fighter-attack, bomber and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    "Coalition airstrikes are supporting Iraqi-planned and led ground operations around the
Anbar capital Ramadi, specifically targeting Daesh fighting positions and weapons," said Col.
Wayne Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "Coalition Air Power is proving to be a great
enabler in the fight to retake Ramadi."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, three airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and two small ISIL
         tactical units and destroyed two ISIL bunkers, 12 ISIL fighting positions and an ISIL
         vehicle.

     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit, an ISIL small tactical unit
         and destroyed an ISIL VBIED and five ISIL fighting positions.

         Iraq

     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         command and control node.

     Near Haditha, one airstrike destroyed two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Makhmur, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL mortar position

         and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL rocket position and

         destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck an ISIL large tactical unit and an ISIL small tactical

         unit and destroyed seven ISIL fighting positions, two ISIL heavy weapons and an ISIL
         mortar position.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy
         weapon.
     Near Tal Afar, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL excavator and five ISIL bunkers.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
