                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

September 26, 2015,
Release # 20150926-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Sept. 25, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted one airstrike using bomber
aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 24 airstrikes coordinated with and
in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, fighter-attack, and remotely piloted
aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hawl, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Al Baghdadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         weapons cache and an ISIL mortar system.

     Near Al Huwayjah, four airstrikes destroyed eight ISIL fighting positions and suppressed
         an ISIL mortar position.

     Near Al Qaim, one airstrike had inconclusive results.
     Near Albu Hayat, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL

         training facility and two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed seven

         ISIL buildings, an ISIL VBIED, and wounded two ISIL fighters.
     Near Habbaniya, two airstrikes destroyed seven ISIL rocket rails and an ISIL excavator.
     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL

         fighting positions, three ISIL staging positions, and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Ramadi, two airstrikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         building, an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL vehicle, and an ISIL cache.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         fighting position, an ISIL vehicle, and an ISIL bunker.
                                                     -MORE-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                APO AE 09306

     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL armored vehicle and an ISIL observation
         post.
         Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to

eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to
project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq
include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the
United States. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Australia,
Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                            -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
