                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 December 02, 2015
 Release # 20151201-02
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Dec. 1, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
 Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted two strikes using attack aircraft.
 Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 15 strikes coordinated with and in support
 of the Government of Iraq using rocket artillery, bomber, fighter, and remotely piloted aircraft
 against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Ayn Isa, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL fighting
    positions.

Iraq

     Near Albu Hayat, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting
         position.

     Near Ramadi, nine strikes struck three ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL mortar
         position, 10 ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL tactical vehicle, five ISIL heavy machine guns,
         two ISIL RPG positions, an ISIL tunnel, an ISIL anti-tank position, an ISIL vehicle borne
         improvised explosive device (VBIED), an ISIL staging location, two ISIL buildings, an ISIL
         command and control node, cratered an ISIL-used road, and denied ISIL access to terrain.

     Near Sinjar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position, an
         ISIL heavy machine gun, an ISIL vehicle, and an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Sultan Abdallah, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL mortar
         position, an ISIL fighting position, and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.

     Near Tal Afar, two strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL VBIED facility and
         destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                     COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                    COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
