                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

September 20, 2015
Release # 20150920
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Sept. 19, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Iraq. Coalition military forces conducted 11 airstrikes coordinated with the government of Iraq
using, strike, fighter-attack, bomber, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:
         Iraq

     Near Bayji, one airstrike resulted in terrain denied to ISIL fighters.
     Near Hit, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kisik, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed an ISIL bunker.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
     Near Ramadi, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed two ISIL buildings.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroyed an ISIL heavy

         machine gun fighting position, an ISIL vehicle, and five ISIL bunkers.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike, struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider
international community.

         The destruction of ISIL targets in Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.

                                                         -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
