                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 10, 2015
Release # 20150310
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 9, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using fighter, bomber and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct four airstrikes. Separately,
U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted eight airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 9,
and 8 a.m., March 10, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, four airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units and destroyed nine ISIL
         fighting positions and an ISIL vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Fallujah, three airstrikes struck two ISIL large tactical units and destroyed three
         ISIL vehicles.

     Near Kirkuk, four airstrikes struck three ISIL large tactical units, an ISIL tactical unit and
         destroyed five ISIL fighting positions, four ISIL buildings, three ISIL vehicles, three ISIL
         VBIEDS, an ISIL culvert crossing and an ISIL heavy machine gun.

     Near Mosul, an airstrike suppressed an ISIL vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include, Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include, Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
