                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

August 9, 2015
Release # 20150809
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Aug. 8, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists
in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted seven airstrikes using attack,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 16
airstrikes coordinated with the Government of Iraq using attack, fighter, fighter-attack and
remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, four airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical unit and
         destroyed two ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL bunker, an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL
         recoilless rifle firing position.

     Near Aleppo, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL
         vehicles and two ISIL anti-aircraft artillery piece.

     Near Kobani, one airstrike struck an ISIL tank.

         Iraq

     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Habbaniyah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck an ISIL mortar firing position.
     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Mosul, five airstrikes destroyed three ISIL excavators and two ISIL fighting

         positions.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical unit and

         destroyed two ISIL structures, an ISIL heavy machine gun firing position, an ISIL
         recoilless rifle, an ISIL weapons cache and an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Sinjar, three airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL
         staging area and destroyed seven ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL armored vehicle and an
         ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, one airstrike struck an ISIL sniper firing position.

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria and the wider international
community.

                                                       -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
    The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project
terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Iraq include
Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States.
Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan,
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
