                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

March 18, 2015
Release # 20150318
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                       Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq
SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On March 17, U.S. military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
Syria, using fighter and attack aircraft to conduct two airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition
military forces conducted 11 airstrikes in Iraq, using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft
against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8 a.m., March 17, and 8 a.m., March 18,
local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, an airstrike struck an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL tunnel system.
     Near Kobani, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting

         position.

         Iraq

     Near Al Asad, an airstrike denied ISIL an avenue of approach.
     Near Al Qaim, an airstrike struck an ISIL rocket storage facility.
     Near Fallujah, an airstrike destroyed an ISIL remotely piloted aircraft and an ISIL

         vehicle.
     Near Kirkuk, an airstrike destroyed two ISIL excavators.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units and destroyed six ISIL

         excavators and an ISIL vehicle.
     Near Ramadi, five airstrikes struck two ISIL bridges, an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL

         excavator and destroyed an ISIL sniper position and an ISIL vehicle.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to
eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region, and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and U.S. Coalition nations which have conducted airstrikes in
Syria include Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
