                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                         Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                  APO AE 09306

 December 04, 2015
 Release # 20151204-01
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

 SOUTHWEST ASIA- On Dec. 3, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in
 Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 20 strikes using attack, fighter,
 bomber, and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted six
 strikes coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, and
 attack aircraft against ISIL targets.

 The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:

Syria

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, six strikes struck an ISIL gas and oil separation plant.
     Near Abu Kamal, two strikes struck an ISIL oil field well head.
     Near Ayn Isa, four strikes struck four ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL fighting

         positions, an ISIL vehicle, and wounded an ISIL fighter.
     Near Mar'a, eight strikes struck seven separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed an ISIL

         tactical vehicle, four ISIL staging areas, an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL vehicle borne
         explosive device (VBIED), an ISIL compound, and wounded four ISIL fighters.

Iraq

     Near Kisik, one strike suppressed an ISIL heavy machine gun position.
     Near Ramadi, four strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed 14 ISIL heavy machine

         guns, five ISIL RPGs, an ISIL recoilless rifle, two ISIL anti-air artillery pieces, three ISIL
         fighting positions, two ISIL sniper positions, three ISIL staging areas, three ISIL bed down
         locations, two ISIL compounds, an ISIL VBIED, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
     Near Mosul, one strike damaged an ISIL VBIED storage location.

                                                      -MORE-

                                            For additional information contact:
                                                  CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                    COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                     COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                                https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                           https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                   Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
                                                 APO AE 09306

Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
A strike, as defined in the CJTF releases, means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the
same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative effect for that location. So
having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone ISIL vehicle is one strike, but so is
multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon
systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making that facility (or
facilities) harder or impossible to use. Accordingly, CJTF-OIR does not report the number or type
of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of
individual munition impact points against a target.

The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the
ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international
community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror
and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia,
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United
States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain,
Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, and
the United States.

                                                        -30-

                                           For additional information contact:
                                                 CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                   COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                                    COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-5193#

                                               https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                          https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
