                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 19, 2015
Release # 20150619
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq June 18. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 11 airstrikes using attack, bomber,
fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 13
airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using attack, bomber, fighter and remotely
piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

    "Overnight, the coalition continued to strike Daesh crude oil collection points in Syria," said
Brig. Gen. Thomas Weidley, CJTF-OIR chief of staff. "Attacking Daesh revenue generation
activities remains a priority for the coalition."

    The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Ar Raqqah, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Al Hasakah, one airstrike struck an ISIL weapons manufacturing building.
     Near Dayr Az Zawr, four airstrikes struck three ISIL crude oil collection points.
     Near Tal Abyad, five airstrikes struck four ISIL tactical units, destroying two ISIL

         fighting positions, an ISIL vehicle, an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL mortar
         system.

         Iraq

     Near Al Huwayjah, two airstrikes struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage,
         destroying an ISIL weapons cache.

     Near Bayji, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL bunkers and
         an ISIL fighting position.

     Near Fallujah, two airstrikes destroyed an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL heavy machine
         gun and an ISIL vehicle.

     Near Makhmur, one airstrike struck an ISIL staging area.
     Near Mosul, five airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, an ISIL rocket firing position and

         an ISIL structure, destroying an ISIL excavator, an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL rocket
         and an ISIL tank.
     Near Sinjar, one airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying three ISIL heavy
         machine guns and four ISIL structures.

     Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.

     The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
