                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

June 3, 2015
Release # 20150603
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

  Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL Terrorists in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ Coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and
Iraq between 8 a.m., June 2, and 8 a.m., June 3, local time. In Syria, coalition military forces
conducted four airstrikes using attack, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq,
coalition military forces conducted 18 airstrikes approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense using
attack, bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists.

     "The coalition struck Daesh targets in 10 different locations across Iraq," said Col. Wayne
Marotto, CJTF-OIR chief of public affairs. "These strikes were in support of our ISF partners
and their efforts to drive out Daesh terrorists."

     The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Al Hasakah, two airstrikes struck one large and one small ISIL tactical unit,
         destroying six ISIL fighting positions.

     Near Dayr Az Zawr, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, destroying an ISIL
         armored vehicle.

         Iraq

     Near Baghdadi, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
     Near Al Huwayjah, one airstrike struck an ISIL VBIED facility.
     Near Ar Rutbah, one airstrike destroyed an ISIL excavator.
     Near Bayji, three airstrikes struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage,

         destroying three ISIL vehicles.
     Near Fallujah, one airstrike struck land features denying ISIL a tactical advantage.
     Near Kirkuk, one airstrike struck two ISIL fighting positions.
     Near Mosul, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and land features denying ISIL a

         tactical advantage, destroying an ISIL heavy machine gun and an ISIL building.
     Near Ramadi, three airstrikes struck two ISIL tactical units, destroying five ISIL

         structures, two ISIL IEDs and two ISIL vehicles.
     Near Sinjar, two airstrikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and an ISIL tunnel system,

         destroying an ISIL heavy machine gun.
     Near Tal Afar, three airstrikes struck three ISIL tactical units and land features denying

         ISIL a tactical advantage, destroying three ISIL heavy machine guns, two ISIL vehicles
         and an ISIL building.

                                                     -MORE-
                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

    Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
    The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate
the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region and the wider
international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the
terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have
conducted airstrikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan,
Netherlands, United Kingdom and United States. Coalition nations which have conducted
airstrikes in Syria include Bahrain, Canada, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and the
U.S.

                                                        -30-
                                          For additional information contact:

                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil
                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-7199#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
                                      https://www.dvidshub.net/unit/CJTF-OIR
                         https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgv7fFrpktGrcJtanYifRYw
