                  Combined Joint Task Force

                                        Operation Inherent Resolve

February 4, 2015
Release # 20150204
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     Military Airstrikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria and Iraq

SOUTHWEST ASIA ­ On Feb. 3, U.S. and Coalition military forces continued to attack
ISIL terrorists in Syria, using bomber, fighter and remotely piloted aircraft to conduct 11
airstrikes. Separately, U.S. and Coalition military forces conducted six airstrikes in Iraq,
using attack and fighter aircraft against ISIL terrorists. All strikes took place between 8
a.m., Feb. 3, and 8 a.m., Feb. 4, local time.

         The following is a summary of the strikes conducted since the last press release:

         Syria

     Near Kobani, 11 airstrikes struck nine ISIL tactical units, an ISIL large tactical unit
         and destroyed three ISIL staging positions and an ISIL fighting position.

         Iraq

     Near Bayji, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL
         checkpoint.

     Near Tal Afar, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Al Asad, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit.
     Near Rawah, an airstrike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL guard

         facility.
     Near Al Huwayjah an airstrike destroyed an ISIL checkpoint, an ISIL guard tower, an

         ISIL bunker, an ISIL vehicle and two ISIL shipping containers.
     Near Mosul an airstrike struck an ISIL IED factory.

         Airstrike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base
safely.

         The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation
to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, the region,
and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq
further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations.
Coalition nations conducting airstrikes in Iraq include the U.S., Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, France, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations
conducting airstrikes in Syria include the U.S., Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the
United Arab Emirates.

                                                        -30-

                                          For additional information contact:
                                                CJTF-OIRmedia@mail.mil

                                  COM: U.S. 1-803-885-8265 or in Southwest Asia
                           COM: 00-965-2221-6340, then dial 430-6419# or 430-5129#

                                              https://twitter.com/CJTFOIR
                                         https://www.facebook.com/CJTFOIR
